RUBINSTEIN

COIN
MAGIC

DR. MICHAEL RUBINSTEIN

RUBINSTEIN
COIN MAGIC



RUBINSTEIN
COIN MAGIC

Wrirten by
Dr. Michael Rubinsecin

Photographs by
Karen Dorangrichia
Dr. Michael Rubinscein


0.2020 Dr Michael Rubin

All rights pruned. Pla part of chin publication may be ceprodnced om trans

minted in ang forms or by any means, electronic or mechanical, iachacling

aor ee eee morage aad retrsewal rpenem: few
of 10 be inveied, without permison as writing fram the author,

Firwt Edtitinn.

The B.0.PS. Presa

TSB: STHWD.S7S-45E R29
Addded to community4magic.com

Tihir book és dedicated to Karen and Mathew,
ary ferponite fo ppocyle dre the wweertel
J coal! mever Aawe torttten fir dana
setohowr hear lowe and capyprort.



TABLE OF CONTENTS

PORE WORLD bey Will Weel NE
INTRODUCTION MIX
PART ONE - S1LEIGHTS, MOVES, AND TECHNIQUES '

CHAPTER ONE - ROS. TECHNIQUE
1 BOOS. Move
2 RAQUES. New Theory Recontion Pass.
4 RAVES, Click Pass
LROPS. Double Click Pas

CHAPTER TWO. VANISHES, SHUTTLE PASSIS, LOADS, AND CHANGEOWER PALMS
p Virdagiees Pesencloes Pass
Vandoren Caw
Workirien Teo
a The fort Td —_____..__-
‘Fecbeebjpar xs Slemcy Chapsi: Palen a Seathoff etre
3 Miracle Cine Hard Coin Vanish 1"
¢ Roll- Dram Rewention Mase. oO
4 Fingertip Shrike Para... mei
i. Fisygentip Shuecle- Pace [ispty
>. Pal Earwn Fieygertip Shugele Mass y
4 Fingertip Load
7 selina Changer Palm = us
10, 5 a
oe tard Che Palm Variation ved Cfiepelsye ag
ta. Nowhere Palin Pulm “4
ty. Rubiniein Pur-hack stews 4
‘inal an a Crwstiens Pela ries

CHAPTER THEE - CLICK PASSES:
Prepednenbomn un
 Rubiewtein Click Paes

1
a
te
fs

at
cra
as

og Tharnncrver Chgraabebe (llc Pane tg
a4. Snap [hown Dhnible Click v

gt Palm (click FE
& Nowhere Pals Ukswble (liek Pats
2 Fan Double Click Pas. i
8 Reverse Darubhe (lick Pass. =s

/U) Sebwacldor dei: Varma

CHAPTER FOUR - STELLBOUNID MOWES

1. Emprompra ‘Touch (Charge a
Nail rie

a. The Wave Change. =-—#
Fem Fisger Fale

9. The Rusbimetein Steal Back 40

ob Plip-Chier Change a
‘omc Fai

The Saft change. ——

6. The Series Cheange —— ay

>: The Buly (change “4

safe i

Ea os
Kamp Whois dy! Wiener’ Camlew Charype
Finda Pinch Revooxr'y

to. ‘The Carewheed Change.
Se-dern Ure

49

Saamd-ag: Version
ty, Spellbound Times Three
Mee Plane Seger
ra. Triple E.G. Spell
ie Crip pay
CHAPTER FIVE- FALSE COUNTS ANID USEFUL MOVES
6. The PH (Pseuats Hijeeser) exept
2. The Fldger Gouna
Rachinocia Fidget Move
3 The RUCKPS Discrepancy Count
t Soul
4 The Combination Counce,
fae cde ago? Back
The Clap Steal Rack. $$$ —__$__—_i
“5, Parise alors Soule fey ———_______——— te
8, Fingertip Wilicy Satech
Racbinrerin Wirtiont
‘Galle Vivien ae "
4, Amgle-Fi Swiich..
io. MoleisCole Angle-Palm Sewiech,
ut ‘The Slide Move:
idee Phaser
(hae Bangye Martinis
Bide Phase
aa. Croaed Arms Subelerye
Thora to Newsline Palen
ry The Rubinstein Subtlery
Tew Tew Sonic

ca
=

fsa 8 &

ra

B55

CHAPTER SIX - STEALTH PALM
a. Checeing inte Seealch Palm
rtkad Cie

Mothod Tee
= Seralch-Palm Display Position.
4 Seealth-Ries Position
4. Stealih ‘Toss...

2

CHAPTER SEVEN — ADDITIONAL TECHNICGUES

De ey |

Teamefey be See Rack-Pales
2. Packer Slinagement———.

Fischer Mlsunger
PART THO — ROUTINES

fin

85

CHAPTER ERCHT — COPPER-SILVER

1. The Parse and Glass,
Rabesewie Bark Mare
Rev Pipes Kerrie Mass Lariat
Pew Coie Demy

2 Magical Change Parse (turer, No-Clat)

4 The Subscicurion Trunk Mypaery

4 Scand Up Sucker Gopper-3ilver Beastie:

¢ Copper or Silver Excraction.
6, Capper Penenarion.

‘Thamar from Flieger Sacer oo PAC Gp

>. Handy CGapperselver Transposition
Aagcriam' Aa
DW crip ae Plggernap Shentrol
‘Poagl Grip Steal

Side nig
6. Gap af Copper Sibeer
Fake dmacta
The Eneeclope Sarit wrion
The fargelopy Sera!
4, Steak, Copper-Silver Tran ponivion
wa, Ungienmicked Capper-Silver-Brass,
hace Palen Senet
Previaaie Plana’ Fura
Navreal Swen
(DW, Gop ao Mermiheny Pate
Reanim off Cour ies orem ot Congr Living: Figer Pei
Rumury Sabriry
i OM ad Winer
‘Milby Chale
ag, Maechbos Treasury Hebas
‘Ua ha fal

(CHAPTER SINE — WUD CON

cei

pacer HE

u Twilighe dime Wile Coin Enemiclinet san
a. Twilight fone Wihl Coin Mazer,
¢ Twilight fone Wild Coin Show Veron.
Drege Seat
Bertram Coke Chany Mire emul Cimiralenre!
Laren Fingertip Pwd
‘tadified Robe Senior
Viewer Ramucry-arpl Coe Chuang Maw FD
‘ULeaphag yun Lari
Sliver Segall Iyohatgae
a. Twilight Zone WHA Ooin Imprempen Veron
§. Twilight Fone Wild Coin Cup Version

mH
ne

6, Twilight Zone Wik! Coin Purse Version

7 Taillight Zone Wild Coin Griginal Handling x

Sone Slap Ramge Variaciee


8 Twilight #ome Wild Coin Multi Gold “lew

442

CHAPTER TEN - SFELLIOUND ROWTINES
a. Thoughes «on Spell bsoeend
a Ubtimare Silver Lint 8
leon Die Shor Cag
lis Seay Thanks Po Calor Chang
3 The Chocedare Cain
4 Imagine a Coan 12
‘Fingerole Fall Sli Pass
Kem Kpmecel Seval Bink
‘Faduural View ‘Thumbs labo Glee hang? Cheer 11d
5. Pour-Way Spel lecranad gt
Sqpuurion Chungeeper Make
‘6 Starrered Spellbound
(Shake serad Bhale hee
Spread Finger Sabehey Uaristion
5. Chinese Explosion.
‘The Saperarin Fp

CHAPTER ELEVEN - OOINS THROUGH THE TABLE
a, Rubinstein Colne Through the ‘Table
Wie Sor Ci ma eg prey Pe
Al eam Lappy
& Seandup Coins Cone Through the Table —
Arse iaat Seobebe dae, Seal
Spread Fisger Sebetny
Pick ip Pinch
Oprical Tae
Ries Bertram Lappiige F
4 C8R Coins Tertugh the Falle ——$$—_—_—_—_— iyi
Posering Meri-Clip Socal
4 Giant Pour Coins choough the Table

CHAPTER TWELVE - COINS ACROSS

1, Tallahassee fompang Godin
‘Rayan fae Crba frown a Fain
Ties Load

a Impossible Four Gein Trick |
‘Ang Pale Grune Ont
‘Age Palen Coanaty The,
‘Change Mama Psirion
Trhigar for Ping Cai Cha of mg Pen
‘soci Shear Pham
Sherine Addr

$ Imponsible Four Coin Trick fl yh
Fingertip: SBsaral Pass Vioriariom:

along Term Shon Teen anon

§- Recra Fly $$$ $s
‘Fi Scpumithon Shewrcly
Shrines Aulfirin Variation

169

ye

aaa

187

1%


Fischer Pier

Ebidicy Sate
(6. Thee Speci nd eons a ti
fect tal in

7. Shell CSB Coens Across aaah

CHAPTER THIRTEEN - COUN PRODUCTIONS ANT VANTSIMES

uTripde Ply ———_———— ary
(Cher ficial Prieaciphe
Miliow Ret Devp-Taanah Tick Fire
4 The Wishing Well 2am
Pr Tanned bent
a Wegas Manh,
‘Miafical Mock Srettis Mare
+ Fuser Math oon DES
&. Balogns Debut
‘The table Pach
hpi Bsa Ps
7 Steak Hanging Coons —$—$ $ $$ $$$
‘eked asigevane Shaan i Pase Mapa
Flmik Prochaction
OT aye
9, Dep va Coin Vanish ———Hi5
ee
Ko (roy Nii Tick Pane Vara
be, Feo ay

|

(CHAPTER FOURTEEN « COINS AND CARDS

ny Wosodless Foevellagioes 0 .s
Viasaleo Caml Terme
See — Er]
3. Two Coin Moete {Tao Card Reverse: felaeeioc) ft
Aline Ploy
Flanf Harris Sorat
fick Steel Pian
‘imal Back Pinte Card Lawn
Peel Goan Soovp Moor
4: Quadra Coie Reverse Macrix ————__ afi
Ed Marks Sevsal
(Ni Pls ot
Choeble Secal
‘Mare Stxiop Wineialh
Cand Lever Led
4, Ulnes Reverse Marrix
flerrram [nae Finger Framer
& Whe Merenaling 2b
Kanye Sareok
The Real
2 Tipk Cain re Cand —__ —$—@ ——_wi
‘Paks Selbstinariint
‘Farmer fide Sarath
‘Soop Series
‘(ihm Splice (Zeipp Wanda Rabon Uiriaeo
8, Cate Salve. ay

oo ng


CHAPTER FIFTEEN - GAFFED COINS

f Siler Bscorecefigen

4. ‘The Dhsuble- Faced Goin Ruyurbye ag
Vip Tarmceve
Sigglr Gain Termceet
Sree Flige thper- Mire Versio

3} Tbe Bent Coin mr m8
Pode Pabes Trani #
Poslice Mae

sag gc ha ee IF
Sup Abeer

obascke Fae’ Urcarices

4. ‘Through Coin
Lanta Thanafer

1, Saghed Bill Through Coin .
‘Thee ates Segre Mirko Or
ffhew Saeeck Maebfcotion

Neri

4
99

pe beret ‘py

Sng _—_$a$A@@ << <<

9. Fus wT
(ffleue Sorin
Chamie

erent of (hay Cain freee Fromp ox cher Fingertips
Stanland Bebo Serherk
v1. Bey Fobulsers 1.
a Goodbye, Hella, Now Change
ome Fale (ear
‘Latta? Ries feel ip Socal!
Spmce Tap Beg Vicrwals
Tow ick Pls Vartan

CHAPTER SIXTEEN - MISCELLANEOUS

Thee Pasi ene

Ther Pare Comes

Kring Flas Variasicns
sae The Bibra Chen Pha i em <<< _$_$—__ od
4p The Mystery of che Chinese Coan, abe

The Pear Mhsrapr
“ge "Ve: Blanc Ho;
og eco be
Ce EEE es
op Cast Cv, gM) nF
Cee

Mike dalle tdhuilfindl Figgee Fae

Proline: Plage ——
ne “Tre Pe: Cn ge 1
ins "Toe: Cbeearpte feed he
ie Nest off | (i SS
1h Newt of Meqhsad Fee He

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN - COINS AND FOKER CHIPS

1. May the Force Be with You i
ry Chip Spellbesand_—___ 8
The Up loan
Theil Change
27D Printing, eo
| 4 My Goin Collection ey

5. Conviction Prediction. #7
6 Conviction Prediction, and Same Magithin!
9. The Famous Three Goin Trick iad
| Three Cola Monte.
Kader Fip-Ckeer-Vinw ieee

L CHAPTER EIGHTEEN = FRIENDS SECTION
ie 1}, Pnereducein —— Wy
r a Mike Gallo - Gor Ie Comered
Ph Powe dana) Aol Pier -
dap Pa
} Nachan Krave — SBycebug Colne ag
Aree Chksspevaey Pte
(Fimpry Finke: Virmdil
4 kan Eeomanucl Francis ~ Acgran Coins —
(Francis Mulejpls Cain Hake f
¢ Morice Mueller = Slide of Hand Vanink
Ungar re Baclt Theeh fake
i Lippy Wi
Coespere Veelah i hoes Scot
‘Babess Fader
6 Bill Citing - Cairn Walking Wildly Abead ———___
Diop Shwe Past
Ts ick: Flsas
{ Receicordngy sf Ce fives Shell
Fuurtor Bahl! oor
Lerta Fricetom Hass

my

ee
Pulliveriak rd shag

8. Mare [heSemria ~ Cylinder aed (ovine for Three Friends.
Splice Wierik Wierirao

je Brie uourrrescar = Teoamch ety eee hh _ ph
‘NickghhbveyRomamerrnam Flack Fabeuiey Tr: hedepes
Fingerrip- Him Ping Chien
(wea Flack Paling Tecknicper
Marie Pack P Hoviecigar

1. Brenden Wolf — Differential
‘Well Cedar Charge Vario
(Aerbanmle: Secapplcn se Sr Plast
Fike Spin harm

(i. Laeverenan Cader = “Mirra ge Roce rie ~ tg
Pred bel
CUyecamis lack mdi Forge


Working at your craft, not
being afraid to make mistakes,
and learning from them

is how you succeed,
FOr Wachee! Aerirnarcin


FOREWARD

Tou dee above or read che meonl of the lifelong pascon of one Dh, Michacl Rebinugein A poission
for one Geer of an ateane are chat scfeeches over forry-e LWT, ieee saci Od

feof a magix wick at che age of wine, che seed was planced Bor a love of magic, ‘The love of colin
magic ‘whih a tenage mi canding of a simple coin move that resuleed in che developenena
of a wally new one. This secideraal of creagivigy grew ower the neat fourteen rears into a vdeo
encyclopedia of coin magic moves, the first video af unpablished ooim rourines, andthe publishing
ofa findimiark book, Inmermediace amd Advanced (Coin Techmique, im rpg. Hie repurarion asa coin
magic exper war fini establidhed im Europe, baring the years Michael wis soudving im ttaby no become
a Veccrinarian. A reputation chat grew with hit souarn to the Urine States and has canried the author
around ghe world qo Faooc and recognition asa masner ol this spocialiagd dauciptine of prowidigirarion.

scteaned Rect codeae witht degree ile Baligy Thun shi fc eonmetion slong been
with = in us, while his. fen hat een
Pg mh sacle epson on his wocarion has always Iheen a seen iegpecatoak
a is happy enarelage of yeearton anil sibencacion has produced mar just a magician whe can write,
1a writer of magic with a sciencifie mid that head bebirate arulysic and meticulews de-
seripclons of his. coin magic with special emphasis an che finer poimes. Wis analysis inchades cxamiina-
chon of difference a and execucioneof moves and routines. His carchel acrencion cowderall leads
one to believe ir could be saidiof Michael char be frels the best magic is achiewed throagh precise realiny
and that cexecuaion bade no porfece meaery: Iocan ales be said char Michael never snopes analyz
ing and he cvrolurion of his coin magic and porerteation style wall newer erase co seck: improvement.

Mart Chae of his book is reflective of the carkir phase of the author's fife in that ir cower penics ated
technigecs that form che fundicion of ibe rectincs he originally creaced anal oontisaes tor eresie. This
tnicial portion of che book it era pepear of che encyclopedic video serie, but brateaud inghades thea
inst which have to be superior, with updaccs bnchocling improvements dixcurered aver
the years. The sever chapters cowering aver Filey moves and warlutbons ate proaped bv ype. Pant Cie
beworthy of belng aecindependen: book an is own, in Get, each sectlon of thas materwurk is quite
capable of sanding alone asa eparace tiene.


Pare Two's een consiasns off ci ine of the suatbor's roucines using the ‘in

‘original proven tobe che bese, an well ox mew handlings ace! foutines. Mos only are
the extuncemence chas come only wich i f perhape even more impor-
caray in preseneation wryle have ewoherd from years of in cases

than one version of a roucinie is explained the reader te choose che one with which they Foe
mast , Again, op fiellivane etucky che rogtines are promaped type. The extensive Table
cof Concema includes the key moves associated with cach routine. The lean chapoer of Part Two contaire
coin rouriner wabmigeed Fricreds ing a who's who of world clas coin magician.

Deonee gverleak che commiburion of Karen Dorangrichia. Ie is am audience oesced and caseed inem well
worth ineluding in amyone’y"sct”. There are eweney-ewe rourines incheding many addisional moves and

techniques making this single chapter equal in cosweenc and soope no a separate ext.

In whar 1 beliewe is a unique concer for a book on coin . Part Three is a bonus secekon, devooed
Wo Ores 4nc, aok Galehing wih « St lst southeast 8 in Call* One eicher likes or disliies
Eicon Tso nee obsessive purater anid at lease one pun willl creep ineo alent all bie

wubject and paranteed groa Thad a los of
peegreng anil eusny opt Apes vapeny tL sae pany vay ye

eames along onby ati = Dice. Bt But [digress

There is a well-lonoens icliom slat loud fas a silver lining”. evi armors mf ile hb

discovered eaty. Michael oe peers eer chemotherapy to kreck out bie levine mate alowed
fon pared cuntplaarand pee pm ger mechan lead blr
eres ebay oboe vac erga fe ‘openers 10
to recover, Team ya da bing Mic wd

Seucan ene a eemastcable book which has heen ewer thirey yeurs in the ‘The good:
share aig gd rege bingo pi mig 5 taghr
in ie.
So here you have i, A unique mageam opus from one of che world's acclaimed masters of with

aloe = De Sichect Sener Rusblenodn . secerineclon magician — lecturer — fee teak Cat hag
Seminar Bound suthor - = purer = Mew York Yankees'fan. - keel ede
‘Truly a man for all ecavona Ieee obared ‘a pecan ich ua tn this his pater de résistance.

Sinoereby, Ball Wells, yfey/tg

INTRODUCTION

has caken me over thirty yeure co wrice-this book. | am glad ir has caken me chat long, Over
C= TL hawe i “old maresial and developed some great new enalf, which is included
sci a ac mage han charged, ated a refed in the romstinee chat [
started ous in coin magic, | fecwied mace on technical rousines char contained
Chern the I discarcted whar so many coher experienced pros realized, Magic
doqert need eo be knuckle ng: it neods rt eran, pc fan retain cre
diffieuley. That dean's mean chat some of ghee maceriall toe it is Bur inscead of doing
ranch shopadeieanti nadine od pm che moves hood at magical ax
‘peaaible = wher poutble, bo avoid exasa finger movemenc,

ant are very fougiving abour.s bic of scramge fi ol wach inemraiecon
reaper ap boo suspichwus. As colt uhancat | watched ri yes Sr
He che wary unt hands bake | ehanapd arin ps egeegrary ar pater porn en ar area
words, iy magic aryle developed in order oo focus om laymen See gaa

ely: levees eel want ar DVO and downloads Asa person who hai markeced over
nwreney- Fre DV Th and down Tania gos thas Teese paces Leck ony dey oftie weak DVDs
ean vieually show how 4 move of reatine lecis. Bar when OVO are Glmed, gloss ewer che
and bo peengion erecien or import ce. Usually you only flr with one cal,
books, hewever, he weiner can chink abeaer che ation, include small nuances, and rewrlne
the enacesial over amd over wncil be iv sacisfeed with whe coma. Credits can be inserted when needed.
‘The veader can also inne the marerial in his own way, making in easier oo make the: roatine hin
DMT chore ta nn esider tendency to intl the pecfamunex, Finally. ic a abeaye
easier 00 marerial ina book as opposed na looking 1 a download or DVT oo fenel whar

you weed. Ag [ have learned, DVDs and downloads come and po, bur books last forever,

In my magic | gon go uae a bet oF pone, ape condidered the lowest form of huemor Bug b's me. |

obi! “oa ese aces ig, amd groans along wath me. The
‘noe ease Rorwye Un tact Lokees ll oeele bh my sho e

pon sere fallen oiag hag ey pol work for “groan® wpe. | wroce ewe beads on

aE

EX RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

Ac nighe @ read them, andl , and | laugh, because | know chat nobody else will. Same af
ees. yar pore a cans fier hana ner inca boorus section fir
{pour enaertalmmene, and few yoru oy inehade bes own presencacioms, Honeerly, | can’t cell you which
1 enjoy snore, the magic or che puns. Just ki iris che magic, 1TH che pana.

Whe read these pons, iF you enjoy chem you are welcome to use elem wich Bur
Cearelc. eres retire ea ace icsne adie They ase snd far surgi: Wet Ex poe IF
por, make che rouaine your own without dhem. Make dhe tragic fir own pat That fs what

is all shoe = shewwi sage Hines Oem en eae nh you rm. pour orkcks, cry
co the seclionce identity wi cece cage eee about someching, chat
happened ro you. Or saw on TW. Give che wad chat "hook" to gee chen a eran
Inicews ha paying acienion wo ele yom are dln "Thax wil lay uaa the anagic rors powfol. Yoo
‘ill ied chat Diaee chia q¢pe of presemtacion in many of my cen roucines in chis book.

In magic, (he pe amacting, . Some are the working pros, and are juse bob
Se bse neoenkerfel ex jaw ened roping fa Lipa ae iE cic with

boats, a4 well ax geuring che iny eoework: with nena che nicese guys in magic « Roch, ured
Mile Gullo, These men have am i ios aver che ‘Their shared love of coin magic, and
selflesmness in offering help when ha asualy i me amd made me a becrer magickan. They
have boch commibuped in ing eo crodia properly.

tara ete bard 1c Find chese eer | om Formate ro kerr es who are will-
Hepes ar ee oir sgh anges pe sm taking time
soir cqoncsom | lc wich tig ipa vents Sn paea Mie, tes only fx Wi hel wi

saette

dobre cor co Denis Behe. His online reference site aee.conjuringarchiee.coin Wis an | help in
further researching some of the moves. Another useful sige was eemeconhuningeredicecom, where i found
addisional marerial chat was wory helpful, t alec eced co ebarke my Feemily, tally ony wife Karen, who
has syed with me throagh achcick and chin. They have pax wp with me for years, as | forced chem oo
warch when | cried cut mew material. The fier thar they sill exficoo me (sa sign of rue bere.

Aa Dhoohed over the maserial for chis book, | realized char chere were-ocher sechetikques chat needed ca
be included, in cedker eo give more of an ewerview of coim magic in che world coday. | inviend several
Friends 00 seed ene addichonal maverial, which is inchaded in che Friendr Seetient oF chis book. Theer work
i innerearing amd offer addicional methods and moves for coin magic. | thank cheen for taking the cies

co film of wrire wp theis rousines for me co use,

fact saat separ tot iy Herth ore pinata hase oenrand
Thar is becuuse [have rather small However, Iidem't feel char bigger coins enhance a rou-
tind. There is a crend in coin magic, char warted with the popularity of Three Fey, co use dollar-sized
Sk, Ny Ring Uso eg: presi el eves eal eee et
oP half dollars work very well, Let's face it, ailver dedlars were in ciroularion for welll over nwo hundred
ony wp oehr oar ir di gin, JRE RAebR Hecomare rey ob a
ouina the sine of half dollars for cheir own coim magic. ina, while more visible Fon
audience, do nee eccemarihy male a coln crick “betcer”, and im fact, cheer siae male theen more al
cule to conecal in an incimane sewing. A perfocr analogy would be using a jumbo pack of cords ower a
poker-sized deck for a close-up routine. You can cemainky use larger coina fer thi material if desired,
a sometimes you may need to tweak the finger podisiend co accommodane the differenn sknex
char you ware no use

You muy also notice char at rimsce the of coand uted inthe phoeos may wary. As I the
scores Ged poustare: osu bs find sping'inc wer'd thew ve che ex ka ck may be same
routine: or moves using clad [FI hall dodllaes and ac sac ies, while ocher use the darker
King George or Queen Victoria pensies and Backer dollars. Shiny ullscr evina de sen phonograph
vet ee del toecine eallcd Re tperific cola, Timed exy cord fedgacarn in cacing the photos

‘You may also: nove thar there are many additional meves described among she rousines in the book,

that included im Part Cer (Mewes, Sheights, and Techniques) Some are urilixed in severul
ae et may bbe Faued im a couple of rouines. If you come no a move thar
is only described briefly, ie more in dewall ot am earlier poiew in the book. Be

mae ee Mak tan eco desertion eit piston] tx dex Table of Comaran tf pcx seed Geher
ebrification.

Finally, | am very, ce logsiamrareac ot 7 Tapiacr ae goers del monensin ran
stare rearines chat | felt wer outdated, or mowes | no longer use), | woul just

BEST nor fel hse he ype Theo ean find sore
oe pes rae etek} vote igt mati ys Tope ou to smh
enjoyed creating is, performing it, and sharing it wich you. a bit oF kime winh moe.

I worked on my weaknesses
and made them my strengths.

Syetney enact


PART ONE

MOVES, SLEIGHTS
AND TECHNIQUES


A move by itselfis only a move.
Is what you do with it that
makes iLimportant.

Or, Michael Rubinater


Chapter ONE
R.O.P.S. TECHNIQUE

THE RO.P.5. Move
Retention Open Palm Steal

The ROWE. moe is oxy Faverice revenaicn nech:
and ict used exrensively im chis book. Aa
all my nya ie fron on Al
whiner Ei ® roms his 1
vanish a ¢ean on pour palm as yor ¢ ic pete
hand inte a fier, The AAOLPS, meve made a pep
ieee ey first bashtaariahiioats
in the early ay fae mei people cad
pie fh becasue Ube i As particular,
Wee pod people wry nese eee is he meres pon Fie,
and shen the poeed. will firse
teach the mechanics od rhe move, gruel go inso:
rorglon opto ap. een bemet ogre
thar mal 1 to penorm
move. Most of shies ih ade oat aha
before, Mease gale the time oo study this, There
iune-caber mow quire bike ir in coin magic, and
peices patra inthe rougines thaz any
i in his.

bi place a Ball dollar om your oper left
bse palm should be adied downward. 20
He the coin cam Ie easily seen. The posizion
of the coin om the: palm is impartane aed ‘will
vary alightly based om ehe shee-of pour palm. The
ae lies cored on the faury heel pare of your
1, eo char if you were no close

po that of the colin would naaurally

Ker i ps (obote2) The opposite edge
fics toward 4 Ke msde of your palm


F

AUGINSTEIN COIN MUkGSD

Te brat abe position, slowly clase your ele hand,
and ony po ger the enim ao lever upward eo a ver
tal posicioe. 1 make ehae hha

censer of the

Sonnet Heeling posirion of the coun

bry: prochinnge

For the right-hand sezriing penation, place che
tipef your right chum against she ingerseetion

poral and middie phalanges of che
second finger. Raise the first fenger slighe-
ne aaed slightly ‘curl dhe right ubird and fourdh
fingers Inward (phote 34 | call chis che polnaing
posicion. Vou arc going vo indicace the coin on
the palm by capping it with your righr second
finger at Follows

STEP i: Bring your ght hand over ta che bef
auch the ocnece of the coin with the vip of che
right apcondl finger (phete ak ahen bend your
right hazed grand at the wrist ae shat the soon
Fieger lifts tor beat cea ne chee inehes off che

{photo 6). NOP MOWE THE RIGHT
AURAT MORIN THIS AC CTICES! Thos te che fies

=i

and tap. Thar is only implied. § bikg miseake is co
thiek cap cap. Ieecad, chink cap xneal.

STEP 2: Bend the right wei downward te bere
er the tip of the ripht accord tanger coward the
ein, af the sae time glowing, the left are
twhich lowers whe coin to a vertical posicion),
Uniter the cover of che beft Sigs i ihe ook
hits the ball of the second Fingertip. The «ighr
thursh immediacy: the edge of the coin,
so the coin isn berween the right chumb
and second finger (phobe @) Nowe char there be
ao poepsible marement of che tbamb during
this accion because ir waa bel againar che sec~
ond finger, This i imporant.

STEP a: Custimie po chee dhe lefe hand incu a
fee around che con. Linder chix caver, bend in
the nig seoond Finger and Dit the thambsout of

felt hand. ‘This causes che coin oc pivor ferse
under abe chumb teward che righ sie of dhe
leit hand tphote 7), chen ome che right second
dard partiaily hind) fimgentip where it balances.
in fangertip rest (phate BL.

STEP &: Moye: the right haul away from rhe belt,
‘which chanics semohe Makes crumbling mo-
Khem, chen oyers Kat hard go show the the
ooin hay vanished. During chix eminbling mo-
thon, | frequetiby secrerhyteamades che win: freen
righe fingertip eest co chumb palm, iben make a
wave over che left fist wich the open right hand.
Pabakal ine action | replace the cein lina

i gertip rest, in preparation for my nexr mare

seould be po cransfer che ain

mecany

ition uscful for che mex part of the orick =|
sic palen, finger palm, coc.)

CHAPTER OME = ALES. TECHNIQUE

FINAL THOUGHTS: ‘Thee are the eeechasica of
the move. Remember, the coin is tapped unly
onc belive the mane it done. However, he
percopoion is char the coin is capped revbce. ir
Pe Cn ee rap char
the oain iss oun of ahe left hand. Noce chat
the sncoee Anger is nos acen tomching the cole
anche ipeal, Aw the ete drops inde che
heft the sewed. cine: bo the enim,
the left hand é ¢losi So be de par
newer gece. his is. very iniperzane ion hiding: che
weal lfthey can seq ou touch the opin before
you close your hand, t them your cissing ia off,

ee ee cen
chologically the condency isa perform the
mowe ‘orry Baar, to pee it clone. This is oF
you ory fer ale ie gow Fang, ir will
and your timing will be olF Sa, ib writ net look
sucueal, and che cein-may be seen costing wat ol
pour hamd. tin adres i alec

mernonone, and secal

casually and with no hhesieation detix

the axcal,

Thin, ¢lose the felt hand over che righe finer fin=
heft hand

aa feild help to hide the mowe,
pould begin co chose as soon as the right bard
begins eo come buck chown co steal porta
the tine che lele fi have ehmied

touch the heel ef dhe ibumbs, the right aed a
already ous of the left.

manning ts leg vleana

in learning « oh ab way nah

hand coos out of the Ich hand. Mow peop
end qo correctly nap stal the coin hie

ipaichby ao a nee i pete coin.
Wirenrig! Thurs farhigelhcr? lilksy uss ane grabbing
ithe fi ip oF the hand. ‘The execution
of the steall has sighs haul curing cut of the belt
hana by firea lifting a thee wring, are] abers on the
abcde, In ic chee 2 oF the way vou nave
into the hand ro tap che ecin. “Vhis i probally
the most important tip lican give.

Last, de oot cxaggecrae the lifting of the righe
hand witertbe rap, [Pye hit your hand coe high,
the move ‘wall look very unmacural Juss bere
the write without moving the right arm, lifting.
the has ed haa thane tnche Praction the
nade sean. urpe to pecboem chia nawee

phe away. Nowe ag ren wn ae 1
i here heey er an

ALBINST Ey COIN MAGES

THE R.0.P.5,
NEW THEORY RETENTION PASS

‘The OLAS moor hay a lot of applications. This
fa Retention Pass based on the RAPS, eech-
ragque, and ie difficrs frome o¢her Retention Maxs-
et in chat dhe coon ia precoed enibe the bela pales
before the move transpires. “To begin, hokk a
coin in your right berecen ghe clps of che
thumb and terse cove fi Bring your right
hard over oo the left, lift the first pail and,
extend che righe second finger slighily to press
the goin ince the left hand ac che same basic po-
pcb heb i the RARPS. howe tet
he the second fi prc 5

pce che vars go that we la doulas ee Tneee:
section between the upper and middle phalan
of the right scoondl Finger. You willl mone ghar «
right hand fa: now in, base poincing postaien
in preparacion for performing the FLCLPS, wane.
Also nove char in thit momenc chere is no hold
on che coin, it is reseing on ihe left palm with
juat the right second Fingemip noaching ir.

Close che Left hand, secreily lewering the calm
Spare boa Necesedl porta. le will reat against
the ball of che second. finger, as with the ACHES:
mow. Imanedisech: praap the wodlge with che
thumb (photo @) Cerainue ac if you were per
forming the ROLES. move, closing dhe Lele hand
and bringing the oir our of the hand wink the
ight, the coin finishing in righe fingerti re
pevirion, Aa with che KLEE. move, crancfer the
cain te thumb palm amd make a eae over the
lela wath dhe open right hard, then show thar
the woies bras vandibood,

FINAL THOUGHTS: ‘This move can abo be done
off any solt surface that has a bir of give, such as
your close-up pad. As such, you can cxnploy this
moet ina Matix routine. Hold a cand in your
loft band and seap the coin onto your surface
with your right bund. Precend po cover che ooie:
with the card beat speal it ou ax che coin is being
covered, hy using this mave.

R.0.PS. CLICK PASS

This iso very ilusive Click Pass, using the
RGIS. rechnique. To: ba pick ugsa half.
lar anal it cea “iiteeta wobec the
enter of pour palm amd 1 your chum,
Pick upascoond coin with che right hand Hold
ie ty che edge berween he thumb and second
finger. Pretend ee place it ing the left hand by
first touching ir ao che left pala heaween the
hase of the fingers ured che coin in the left hand
(photo 8) Snap che coin downon the cain in the
palm wich che second fewer, eveating 2 “clink”
When you snap the coin down, your reght noe
cond fr should be on cop of che coin, aed abe
Ball of the chumih should slide back eo nouch
ahe intcrenctiom beawren the wy

phalinge of the socomd + This is exeerabally
the poinging pedition of che right hand in dhe
deseripsion of the RES, move,

more che the left hard around che osins,
As the hand scams to chose, grasp umdes the edge
of che cop coim wich che right thumb and se-
voretly lever the coin away from che borwen ania
axa upward, co a vertical position. fr will rest
against the ball of she scoond finger, as wish

ALOLPRS meee: Continue as iF you were pere
forming che ROS meee, closing the belt hand
anal betnging ehe cois out of the band with the
right, the aie finidhing ih righ Bngertip-rest
posicion ‘The illushon is aha baw caine mere un-
mistakubty placed inse che belt hand, yer i¢onke
contains one of them, che second secretly arohen
our in the ace of closing che hand.

R.O.P-S. DOUBLE CLICK PASS

This Click Pass was originally shown na tme years
eo by Reed Mictlinnock, and he hax graciousl
(piven mc pernvission po imere ic fei books
Uveould have placed it inno ibe FRIENDS chap-
ter, but the ecchniqer hts so perteecly here, and
BE ueic it alll che gimme, fe in:leg- ake ROPE Glick
Fee. cacepe ROTH coéns ane stolen our of che
hand, inieesd of cely ore of them. The merece
are eed iobmilay pe rhe OPS Clk Pan. Ta
ware, held BOTH poinn inthe wight hand, be-
wween the dhumb and second finger, They arc
slightly ned, one against the second fin-
gcniip, be pe other ek behind and again
it-with she chomb, » bie further dews om ihe
finger tevtedo i}.

‘Open che left hand aed angp che coin thar ia
against ihe second fingeriponco the left palm,
herween che center of the pales and the heel of
the left thomb. ‘The remaining coin ee retained
inthe right hand, berween che thumbs, secomd,
and First firmer, Lift be fers: Finger und withour
misting a bear. snap this coindown right ontop
af the fers coin, so they are-ceaccly aligned, one
on rag al the ether: When you snap che coim
down, pour right seoand fieger should be om
cop of the ewo eodas, arsed the ball of the abamb
should slide back vo couch che ineericetion be
tween the wapper amd. middle phalange of the
second finger (photo 14) This ix essentially the
pointing potition oF che sight hand in ihe ale
scriprion af the FLOPS. eoove,

Begin to-close the ele hare around the coins. As
ahe hard start go ches, wander the of
the beacons coin with ehe eighe thumb and. se-
eretly lever hath upward, to a wortical posinion

de wall reve agaittit the ball af phe arcane! Finger,
ac with che COPS meee Coentnus aa if ve
were performing the RQWPS move, clodiesg che
fof hand and bringing the coies ue ofthe Banal
with che right, the coins Finishing im tighe fin
pectiperest position. Make sue they don't “talk”
ae they are cahen our of ibe hand, and char shey
don't Fall, The illusion is chat reo cole were wee
miatakably placed ino the belt hana, ver bochare
secretly seolen oat in the actof cloving che hand.

FINAL THAMIGHTE: You don’: need no pur the
coins iene che befe haral one of 4 tinic, unr
fy chere bt already o coin: im che left hand, You
can de che mewe fuse by snapping che second
coin oma che fire one sad pokenig the
2 fron cre In 7 Lear the coans

com ti ralking during the sceal and
weidhcrevel che baad Gar ae right-hand
palm dew as soon as che chumb moves olf che
coi The eoiew will sic im Fingertip rest, uncil

you tramnfer then as needed eo anocher position.

CHAPTER OME = 9.0.2.5. TECHHEQUE

7

Good magicians practice
until they get it right.
Great magicians practice

until they never get it wrong.

“Oh, Wintel! Mitrnctent


Chapter TWO

VANISHES, SHUTTLE PASSES,
LOADS & CHANGEOVER PALMS

VARIATION RETENTION PASS

The concope of abe Roveneion Mass ix very ob,
‘the earliest refeecnoe is co thac of a vanish of
Claode Grivola, foxsral in Millusioeniane, Vol. of
Dhi dey, prre-alating she move by T). Crndford in
the peg hook writees ly TNchion Devens anal
John Noeehern Hilliard, ‘Whe Are of Magic Land
popularised by Dal Vernon, whe published hia
own handling in Hilliand’s 0y8 Creacer Magic)
Ibe Viernes Rerencion Pass tc che Rerencion Past
chat fb abwaye de. br te based om Al Scbmebcler’s
Snap Back Techokpee bur bears scene similaricy

the Keulman vanish described in Goinmaghe
‘You will raaioe thar there is some sienilaricy im
mechanics tothe ROLES. moor, bur che ciming ix
very diffrent eet a one Fail

motion, | himke dlown che mechanics imps five

steps, in aside to properly crack she nave

STEP GRE To begin, boll = half deflar in the
right hand by tedge, beeween che cigs of rhe
fase ond second fingers, and the shuenk, ‘Ihe
deft hanad isin arelaxed postition at abour wale
fevel. Bring che right hud up co che left (in an

UPSEWing Mote, het acres as with many pale
lished Revention Passes). “Ube left-hand suen
palm up eo reedive the coin. Push che coin oo
dhe excreme tips of the fore: finger ard abumb ae
you approach the feft hand and rowel: the oes
rem edge of the coin coche palm at che base of
the first and second fingers (phate dz). ‘The face
of che odin is almess bring om che palm.


10

ALEINSTEIN OGM MAG

and umril rhe

im niches abe Tekh
i fingers bbl a ihe tara fro he

STEP THREE: Aa seen aa the
wip, POU ate
mow action F n your right band at
aria, levering the cots po a vertbcal parsicion
Sended, extend che second Finger across che face
of the coin, ar ics base (phate) Phage 23 shores

an exposed Eront view,

STEP POUR; Bend the ercomd Finger irrard and
lilt the Ghomb: This causes che dein ao prvne fia
wander the dumb poward che ihe od ther belt
hand, shen « the fight coca’ fi
fo.44) Note thar you emended your second
finger aver ike cenmer of the coin, dt would fenish
on the nips of boch che second and hind fingers.

STEP FIVE: Withdraw the tight hand as the belt
hand soncinnacs oc Ente a fet, im a slight
dowrrcond mation. Ii other words, the asd
comes up is he ie

comes back dows
feariall, L n doer, mcd orem. Mere char as
you withdraw che cighe hand, ou afar a bir
pales down ro belp hide che cot on che finger.

FINAL THOUGHTS: Asa hit of finesse, ax. sccm
ac you withdraw che right hand fram che left,
jnerafer the cid sks pales aniel wruilee

the cea you can
F .
fa newdindl F your routine, | abeays
moke a racking mice of the 4
ime: before | open ic co show che eenish
This isa time elsdirection cechnique, acomeepe

tagghe by che lice Darnl Martinez.

Depending the hand posisions, [will per-
farm coe different variations of chix ere.

it a cep


CHAPTER TWO)+ VANISHES, SHUTTLE PABSES.LOADS & OHANGEOWELA PALMS

VARIATION ONE: The fir wariatien
form the morte tat at a placement,
fo perform, hold boch bands with the (palms
g downward. The cole ts io thee cigha band
beaver che tips of che Free ewo fingers and the
thuenk. Rotare ihe hands slightly apward et the
wrists ancl the palms of each hand face cach
ocher, so thar che hands come together, You
can ale bring your bett hanal ower co the right
if they ane Tague, Reg filles, cover the
right fingers aye to the knuckles with the left
fingers (photo 16). Linder chis cover of the left
hanull, extend he righe sccosed finger wong the
ee of rhe cots tnhoto 46). Asbetore, bend the
fw send heft efse chums, fori
fng.che coin ier che hand. cm tbe ip of ther
second finger. Close your lef: fingers around che
right First finger (eapposedly anoand che ooin)
and withdraw woar hand cov the lof just po
tate the wriets back iin the opposite direction 1
bring che hands apure with pales cing down.
rumis paler
ke a wave os belnag or beep ngewe
in preparation: fer wha: you need for che
ext pare of your eausiese

second fir

wartl, You can braniter he ceri ex
anal rt

writ:

play the coin berween rhe ripe af
first andl scoond Finger of your palm-ay
hand, face of the cvim co the audience, Yew
right hand fr higher than the lef: tohote 27)
You arc now going tm apparently place the oni
mea the kee eat in a downward are Again,
the aepchanies of the ee are the wi
if the arm actions dilfer. Swing che hand ino
deerward are wend the-teft. Open che heft
band palm ep eo receive the coan during che
deverward owleg of che right hand. When the
cain arrives an the left hand, poeeend. oo choo
it areand the coin. Winder che cover oF the left
fingers and without ssepping the dowswend
mawemont, extend abe right second Finger arsed

ecform che move to beeng the c orstis tf
ip af the eccond finger, Fieiuh by b

on

fads Nese eormorsit and ik he
left bard, right palm facing doerwa

cain in fienge

Aga last poins, it should be obyviows char any
Rerenrion Pass tor ae eenish) con be used aaa
Shurile Pass (or ewirch) by having ancaher com
in che heft hared.


at

RUSINSTERN COIN MAGEE

THE BRONX TAKE

The genesis of uhis move originally appeared
in my pita. book, Intermediate weed wad danced

Goin Technique, alibough it was sabsequencly
modified in nev 192; Creacive Coin Magke Lece
ture Notts and conasnel The Aron Tae, Harry,
Lisryace:putilished fe: beicr-in Agncalypee: be
the wri wat inoorincet, Wigh ghia mare, acy-
eral (cay four) coins ane taken from the righ
howd with che left end vanishedL ty can alan he
used as a silene Ioadl-of coins fro a bebler of
pecker, which will be explained ae the end of
the dlescripaticm.

“Toestart, hold four coten by cheir odges in Spell-
heund position beaween the rips of che right
akemls and scooml finger (pbete LE). Bring thee
Jeli hand weer oo che right and make a loose fise
anim che coins, dhe bee fiegers paing oven, and
the ikrumbs goleg under che eoien (like you vocrg
abour co peeform a Foeech rep

Ad soon as the coins arc hidden from view, place
the firs and chind right fingers on che opposize
edges of the coins, and place the nail of ther
secon! fire abi the urdlerside of rhe bor-
fom coin, An the aame time, remove the right
thundh (phedo 19) Photo 20 shows an exposed
view. The ovins are mera held apaine: abe nail
by peeaure fron abe fret ad chind fiegeri, All
this is Buppentng under che comer of the left fist
None thar ef the audience cin perecive che meervee-
ment of the second Finger st che lingereips marved
below the wiack, ic will become obvious shar you
are “doing something”. "This merement can be
hidden bok by remver of che kefr hand,
aswell ae hy benatin: Ba hand downward
at the wriss sa thas ie bal aoc of che coins face
the audicae,

‘The mesg chee meee ate poaliemed ar ihe sanag
tiene, Fira, cure ube beft fist palm up, ching it
cornptetely as iFitcomraimed the coina, Koop the
oth side of che left hand teaching the fry

he right (pete Hl. Shenulromeously bend ehe
first, second, and third Fingers of abe right bund
iraard, uncil che free edge of che coins couch
the right palm (phate 22) Lastly, win che right

palm frward oo thar ir faoce your body,


CHAPTER TWO + VANISHES. SIMITILE PASSESLOADS & CHAMOEQVER PALMS = 13

Ina continual motien, begin co move pour ble
hated sewly roche feft and curn your right-hand
jalm downeard Bring your thumbs over the
middle phalange of the secomd finger se that the
eons save ince che cronch of shy thumb (photo
23 shows an exposed view). Prev the coins ine
the crooch af the rizamb, called Angle palin (ee
bekoie), balling che onime again the palm ba
the thundh, Exton che Bret Ager eo poten oo
the heft hase! (phote 24), chee sersaghten our the
other fingers iphoto 26) Photo 26 shoes an ex
posed view of whe righe hand. Make crumbling
muogicad with the leit hand chen open ot co aberer
thas che eoins have vanished.

FINAL THOUGHTS: Nose chas Angle palm is a
catch all name E carer ap with in peda, to take
ino prisainerai ae i ens ne ine
dependent is anil i heise. pede
rion re ro name [Lamorte Rok Bd
Mishel, Frank Dedhina) Hewewer, the earliest
peferones the | can find te fram fock Chanin in
his ey1 publicacion Handle wich Gloves, under
the name [2 palm. | am sare chor due no che
obvious position chere are ever earlier refer-
enced, ver do he ancowered, However, From thie
fat on the palm will be referred po as Angle
C3 pal
IF you have Foor coins ina beklor on inn wour
cee can silenchy: insert then ines Angle
con palm. Held afl coins seas wouhd for
starcing purine of The Aran Tse, and yea cam

quickly and alceulhy insert hens into this palm
bey using just one bared,


14 BUEN TEIN COIN MAGES


CHAPTER TWO * VANISHES. SHUTTLE PASSESLOADS & CHANGEOVER PALES 15

35

TECHNIQUE TO SULENTLY
CLASSIC PALM A STACK OF COINS:
There are vimes where insvead of Angle (j.C.)
palm, you need po have the ooinet im-classic palma,
You cam use this same technique (with a painor
adjasincna) co silcorly pasta sack od coans inen
clagic palm. To wart, fohd fur coins ley shscir
pron in Spellbound position beracen. che tips
the right thamb and second finger, Proceed,
in the same way at yo weld te pur dhe coins
ingo Angle {J.02) pale, seoond. finger heen um
eer che stack and beniling in all che fingers umcil
the free edge off che coin commons the palm. At
this pooner, inizead of pressing chem ino Angle
auch gal, Lift che second fingertip ms abe
ist cf the back of the stack trtvte. 27), Pak
over and ince ghe ccracr of your palm
(photo 28), whore rou cam insert thers inna clar
cic palma (pete 20)

A way to practice boo de the move with
only one onin, eful gradkaally add mere woke

MIRAGLE ONE HAND GOIN VANISH

This was one of ibe First vanithes | ever per-
fowevecdl, eed ale! very difficulr, ic is exe
tremely effeeive. 1 care wn with it by misake
‘back les gqqu, a6 f crbed no hearn sooneching cle: |
used code ie wich a quarcer, bur ic-works juas an.
‘well weithia hadFdollar: bralso isa bic angly. 11 ba-
sically is away co show both sides of your hand,
emepty, by transferring the coon firie io back
finger-clip, and chen oo Angle Wchh pel. De bs
means to thonmed ar waist bevel, wriihh yur
aicccdtéc locking tba: at-your harel, Hencver,
itean he perfused to your side at ches level,
iFvow ate perfonmieg for a serps prop. Oe Fersa
appearad in pring in amv ipa , lnnermedi-
ate and Advanced Coin Technigac.

To begin, hold a half dedlar in your palm-op
right hand, in right-hand Spelihoundl penition:
Ietween the ips of your chumb andi second fin-
mer. Plage your first andi third fingertips om the
ec sides of che coin and quem pour hand
downward, Release the chum and place
he nail af che second finger on the underside al
sighs bring the tale plaka ou te
ightly co bring the mé nee oer L
fate stamens (photo 304, then ebip the edge of
ihe woin between che fiese and second fingers at
close che right-hand palm down inp = fe
Tphowe Sl hows am exponen view),

Wave: left hare ower the right, chee

a oal oie ae etka i
as Follows Rataee the hand by opening anil ex-
tending the: fe rowan jatar, cane
hidden under the hand in back-lingereclip po-
aitlon (photo shows an cxposed view), Make
ware that ahe goin caret be scen berwcen the
fire and second fingers. | the area covered
hy having the night side of the second finger

‘You am now going ao turn hand ever 1
dhowe its other side, bey cr ng che cody mos

An 21 palm. Tor in, rota i,
time, replace your right third Finger om the Free
edge of the coin (photo 33), The slight roacion
eles eo hide the third finger movement (photo
34 chows how the onin ex hidden ay rou began iy
qetate the hand, Contiese taming your ighr-
hand paler down and bending im the fr
Mowe the middle phaSange of the sooo fin
from the clipped position te dhe ceener ol
fser of che coin (photo 28), Bend dhe cips of che
fingers even more sorchar they tach the palm
of the right hand. The cain slips cone else top aif
the nail of the wight second fh as the fi
head oo che palm iphoto i), Close the hand

1b

RUBINSTEIN COUN MUG IC

ineo'a fise, prexcing che cain ineo the crch of
ibe chureh im A (J2)-galen position (photo
37. Open the Band palm down, exceed ting tle
fingers with the coin me in Angle (UC) palm
(phate 3S):

Node thar the moae difficule part of ibis mane ls
eo hide che cosn as you turn your hand oer no
thew the hack, In.order eo hide she coin a bit
seere, ot Looe ny hand over, i bring my hand
ama foresees hirer ‘slightly toward me, and chon
aeay, ina kind of a wave.

FINAL THOUGHTS: The back-finger clip ie a very
old gencealment. ‘There it a reference co wee of a
back clip inthe book Discoveric of Wiechcraft
from 1425. Other carly referonece inckade being
used bry Carl Willman inthe 18499 publicarion,
Die Fauberwele (Vol. 5 Nev og), arxd ig the T.
Nelion [hswnt's aoc book, Modem (oan Ma-
nipulaciom.

ROLL-DOWN RETENTION PASS

This is am unpublithed enethed of vanishi
groupof coins, after chey are dieplayed ina far.ae
ahe Fingertips. Ta perform, hold chree half dollacs
ina vertical fam ar che rips of the righe them
andl firs: eo fingers. The gop coin in inmermcar
aml hekdl by che thom, and ihe boron coin is
eupermeant ated held by he tage of phe scoond Fin-
fet Bring vour eight hand wer te the boli, which
opens pals ap with fingers eseendel to reecive
che coins, Teach che bocnam coin of the fen edhe
left palm on the base of the firse and socom! Gn-
pene Lean che coins back so chat che upper coi
connects the base of che chumb (pivot BE. Clee
the left hand inno. fix, preseing the onina into a
wack againes the palm with che base of che left
thumb (phote 40), By pushing dram even more
with che lol ghunsh, you gam sipuece che srack
doqper inne che right lingers ax you cheer into a
fiat arcana tbe caine. Be carebal mot no cxnend che
rig Hongeras samt claws yorar heard, as his wonlal
vc nme che prerve, Instead, push the oqina inte
the right fingers with che left hasd ax yom
gota h ke thumbs. Withdraw che wighs sat
with fingers conereied oo bike she edits perro
them. Alter the hand withdraws, en can Pees
fer the snack co fingeerip rest, finger palm, fauervih
palm, or wherever {ro doncinie the effect
Noo that it might belp.oo wie che cechnique de=
sorbed under the Flank Varish (Chapeer ‘Thins
bron} po further push dhe coins emider che right
fingers using the lele pales, should you have any
sae ley with jane che baie cof bbe tracts,


FINAL THOUGHTS: There are times when | pur
a fae of cobns into my closed belt fixe, or inter a
purse, The move varies a hic in chix situation. To
perform, make a loose fise with pour Ieft hare,
thumb and free fiexger Facing up. Being the fin
ewer to the Iefi hand, bekling it ower the space
berwoce the thinth and first finger. Turn your
right palm downward and pretend co put she
eine insicle the fist, ac ghee same tins biccing she
inside of che leit fingers wish the bornam coin
ef the fan. Roll che fan closed againas their side
as you retane tbe hand palen dwt, Aa sage as
the colna-roll into a srack, puch the colsndlceper
‘ince the right finger. Romeve your hand from
the fist, curling vour sqcode frigercip aa thar
the coina are balanced in a hiageniperca post
tion, As yeu withdraw your sigh hand, you can
push ibe coins iano finger palm with she thumb,
er tracafer berm ingo thumb palm, making a
eee apotind dhe hard

Finally, che idea of wing the base of abe chumly
ve push che cals bnocrdhe steht Fingers is hasedd
onan idea of Herb fareow, win in bis own
Retention Maa ax taughe in che agi, Enrele:
podia of Coin Slcights IVI sevica loriginal

the 1935 Masoce Coin Technique video series

Steve Freeman ad John Cornelius have also
used dhe hase of che chusab po ahd in cheirown

FOREN pokes,

CHAPTER TWO * VANESHES. SHUTTLE PASSES, LOADS & CHANDEOVER PALMS

FINGERTIP SHUTTLE PASS
A Shuntle Pass fis devigred by a
ooin se fone hand bo ee Ts in order

eas it down somewhore on the side of shar
nd, However, oe weitch a coin itt cee hasd
for acoin in the other haral, This method brings
the popular Rogh Shari: Pass ao she fngercips,
which in rey opision cecates a teach mere natu
ral active. le originally zed on VWoheme Uhre
of The Enevel ia of Coin Sleighes {originally
the 445 Mauer (om ‘Techniqae video scries!
ai the Rubinrein Shorele: Pass, bur | believe chia
eum: more eccurarely describes ine Functicm.

Two half doflars are needed, (ec ip om display
ar the cxrended fingcrrips of the palm-up left
kanal. ‘The ocher half dollar pier maegi an right
Argentip-test pension. “To em, place

bir cueuh ee top of ghe jing ie che left hand
hheakdicyg ic agalraa che fi wear cheir cigs.
Tum the hand palm ri the same aime,
tenn ghe rigbae palm up and exend the
right fingers (amd coin) ane the kG (phate
#4) The bel scored ana shire fi
the coin in che right
finger wmaching the

ips cover
hand, with the left hind

fire fe This hides
ihe coin from view. The belt chum prevenss che
coine from wuching each other, which weubld
make an unwaieted not. Mace your right
thumb on the back of the left firgeetips (phate
42) amd pear the right end bate righac bth
beiegs the coin in che reght hand iene view:

ar


18) | RUBIN COUN BuRac:


CHAPTER TWO + WAMIGHES, SHUTTLE FASSES.LOADS & CHANGEOVER PALMS

Slide che right chumbonco the coin abering this
action (phate 43) Tien your right-hand palm
down and place che coin ane the gable co abe
ane po place in-where needed in the course

rouing, Sérmuleasegasly eraser whe
sonst br hee Mele hal. pe fi palm, of wherever
it ie nerded to proserd with your rourine,

perform his sheighs
be resicaad Fee right ta the eft. =

FINGERTIP SHUTTLE-PASS DISPLAY

lowed ip lasdioatrg deste se doom
a in i i he
irate only one cuit itn the end when there
are really ewe eving ‘This arigieuilly sper
an Volante ‘Three of ey ia of Coin
Sleights 11? series loriginally whe rg55 Master
Coin ‘Teeknique video serkes), ander-the marie
ef’ the ieee gap hpaia To : form, ne
ay a half deflir on che ex ia]
byl left hand. A uecomd half dollsr ix
hidden in fingerrip reer in ibe palm-alewn rights
fund. Mace your belt chum om mop of che coin
in the left hand, holding it againar the fingers
near ibeir tips Tien her palm down, At
ihe ame sime, burt the exgha-hand palm up and
concn dhe right fingers (and coin) under the
‘LefS, ao these che Lefe seed send chied fi ips
caver the coin in che right hand, with che belt
bird Ginger eouching che right firse finger (pho
fo #4) ‘Vhis hides the coin free view. The belt
ihamb prevencs che coins frem couching each
ober, which would make an umwannedt noid,
Mace your right thumb on the hack of she belt
fingertips (phote 42) and move che right hand
vo the righi, which brings the coin an ale right
hand inna view, Slide whe eight thumbs caine the
coin during thiv action (phalo 43), Imenediarehy
finger palm the enim int che belt hand, anil varn
it palm pt. Turrt the right-hand palin dkown and
ple the ois litte che kf bond leeween the
‘pa of the firs, fmger amd dhamb (pote 44)
Winhoust mvieding a bear crn che belt-hand palm
down and place the cole inca the palmeup right
hand, or als ripe of the right First imget and
tiumts (photo 45). This hand-washing-type lie
play gece the impression tharyou only have ene
oom, when you are hiding a second oxin. which
snow in lelt-hand finger palm.

PALM-DOWN FINGERTIP

SHUTTLE PASS.

‘This originally appraral on Volume One of
the of Coin i dei

the e985 Mauer Cain Technique video sccicil
aa the Fiegern Shursie Pan, ber | chased the
narie 7 herve fie the deseripaion.. Thic Shuccle
Tot utes ideas from s Repeeticen Pass aceeileaned
a Ken Kreneel, Te begin, 0 half dollar tx bseld
en. the curled fingers of che palmeden lef
hand in fingertip tes. A. second. coin isin the
pelm-down right hand, sirting em the ball of
he thumbs, br is held im place bey the tips of the
fins and secemel Fingers, which pees on the in-
ner edge of the onin (phate 46). Te get incu elie
seeing Hise cain bo the ei rsp te op
posite ndges af the eoin with che thumb om ene
edge, the cipiol the first and second fisgers
a aie tenes edge (phate 47). Lift che cdpe of
the coin hd by abe fingertips upeard, ancl the
face of the cuin presses against che ball of che
thumb (photo d&). Lilt the coin off che able anil
norape the hand upward ae the sorer so thar the
face of the coin now lies.on popof the ball af the
abumb, parallel no the tabke, Move chat the oain
anne aver curing this proces. The owim ix cra
held in the appropriate srarting position,

Being your left bard Copies aaill in left Fingerti

Son peas ul tenet yee a me »
ing the fingers <li; eo che sight ond under
ieee dak te the phalamgc of

second auth left amb
Scat Sh he ht es Enpercioubl co fe

coin From view. Expendl your right fimgers, oo
erieg, the coin in the ight: ard winhibrrw
your Ieft hand sliking your lt chumb down che
aweond Finger and ome checrin anche sips oF che
icf Fingers (phate 50) Place ibe cosa ingo the
Jef hand where pou need it on the Leff side oF the
tally the reauoe yeu took ihe coin. Ac eke same
wine, curl year right fingers amd arancder the
ola in the right bend ca Bn palm and then

io whatever ponithen youl for vour rourine.

20) | ALWSINSTER COIN MADSC

THE FINGERTIP LOAD

Thix meer ix based on the classic Uhomer

© Load hue modifoes (he action in order eo
hoe the honk at Far apart as penile, le firas
appcaned in omy 195 lec noses, Creative
Coin Magic. To berin, held s half dalla im abe
pabm-dien right hand, Fingers curled with the
coln in fingertiperesr pocinion. Show the tele
fund empry, them close ir ince a fe and tune it
wo the back of the diss is facing up fefvoto Bah As
with whe Likomme Masque Load, begin oo nocate
the Iett fise ra palm-up position,

Avsplit scored after che felt haned scores po resate
ales ung, begin ca mine the right hand ta the
fi in an upward are; fingers ied] curled! with
che evin rhding along on whe dengertips

to 62). Bring two hands Che at a

where the space beeween the bel hess and
firer finger it Facing up (photo 63) As soor as
the side of the right chird Finger nowches the nog
af che belt fet aned be coin is over che hole, her ae
fall invide abe Ich hand dphote 54)

Woke hesitation gondinuc nr rotate the bet
7 chosing the space widh abe shuenh, Rach che
right secoed aed third fingees againat the backs
af the lef fingers fo cares cham (ptets 55), 2c
the left fee rotaees, chen mine sieer From che
heft band. Oper the left fist po reveal ake eoan.

FNAL THOMAGHTS: ‘Whis is a omch more open
‘oad than cn _ Lihowme Masque low,
sinec the palm of the right hand secens farther
away, a a action is done ac che Fingernigs.
Asa waristiom, inaccad of careeting che backs of
the ef Fingest you dan move pour right hamid
away tight alfey the: load and ‘sap your rl
fingers. This gives a hic ome distance hewern
the hari


CHAPTER TWO * VANIGHES. SHUTTLE PASSES. LOADS & CMANGEOWER PALIAS

TAP LOAD

This sa simple method co load a coin into the
hand as ir ie opening. Or first saw pring ic my
moog Coimvension Loceure Neaeu. bt is 3 dituas
tional mere and yom must be int a coal pele
ties in drdor ae be able po exeruge rhe move. To
act the conditions (fir chiv cxamplel, vou will
tool a-sikver half dollar and a Englith
nt. Precend eo place che half dodlar ineo che
eft Rand, bus gevaie in in tbe right, aind classic
palms the coin after the move. The left bared 34
mow chose ina fist, sapposediy holding the ail-
vercoin. Pick up the ever ata wuah thd right
thumb amd fingers. Face it inge thumb: palm as
you aluy close your hand) arearul it iete a fiir.
Make a magit gouure with both hand. Seerecly
dep che abet cen te Fengert ip teu. Open che
tight karl, pushing the salver nis to che 9
the Firvt fi

ard dbus, anal cbroerpiing t!
duiuekpulecel eats ws Reger nies

‘This is che povirdon chat it necessary in-omber no
form the move. Left hand. ix chord, a cole
in chis a the silver coinb is ak the right
fingerti a-ovin to be beaded (im his ex-
ample Ee eopase gab in fiegger iphoto
paises et re hand incr tbe Jef. and page
co open che Left-hand palm up, Drape alee bn:
~palmed copper coin onou the base of ihe lett
fate (photo 67). Isrmodiaechy tap the copper
coin with the sibere cain, oo indicare che coin inv
the left hand. Ie Woods like vo ore jrior copping
the ein, tr akow it, ber you are capping vhe coin
chat ou juste koaded into che hand. Cme sip is to
tht che lower edge of che onin char is bell at the
fingertips in che direction of the ooimar the base
of the fingers, ae thar irwill rap che enin without
any unnecessary movement of the right han

FINAL THOUGHTS: his i 2 meres chet is anefial
mot onty in copper-sibacr routines, bu be Cains
Acrou and production routines ax well. It eam
beaused anytime vee need openly boad a coin
fies ie hand, aa hoegg ie can cap ir with ane
wher coin, Pheuae noge char abe coin nranepasi~
sien weicece: here ds only an example co set op
the condineens for whe move bur ix por part of
the move,

SPELLBOUND CHANGEOVER PALM

A Changeover Palen is a specihie repe off move,
where a lie Geaterel nby from ore
hand re anesher, while a seated coon ia aoercely
trmfcrred back in ther opposite hireceioe. bi is
avery nice Cand secaky!) way ta lead a enie ina
the hand, Thit eager nt very fic Lt it wed
fo place a ooin: from ane Eni Speliboure
peaition of the usher hard, while a second com
ie secretly eramferred hack in che © die
rection, However, the variacion of this move
deseribed next la more versacile cham the origi-
tal and is actaully as extension of ahis move. As
auch, | mee imuch more fregaencly. The reader
ie urged ne cry boch moves, even shough the vari-
atkon will bikehy be che ome used more often, This
was firer publidhed in my Master Goin Toth
sique video scrirs from ppd; (lager curr! ince
‘The Encyclopedia of Goin Slcights IVE set)


22 RUBINSTEIN COUN Augie


To perform, hold 2 halFdollar at he fingertips
of the pales-up righe har, beewees the tips of
the thumb, fies and second fingers, ‘The fice of
the coin i displayed 19 wor audience. The left
hand is palm eit with o balf dollar on che
curled 3 in fi ep-rest podiciem. Tun
qobe Beal silane peal a the Reiter
se oe sirbonst roe cum ae t-bearial
ra diem, ana ewer che coin on

Bf the execoded bet Fi ua that it eave be
seen, Touch the middle fgg oes Bent
& — the bageom edge di eos in the
i (phate 5B) Ceaip che opposite

ih eas with he kf thu, A the pd
time, pak che evige of the coin om the left fine
gettips ageinat the inner chind for second finger)
with whe right Chum (phote 69) The coin jure
beirigh edt i Arie somali faerie
wich che chumedb, ine exact position again the
Fingers isn'r chat imporcamt. cancthe ads,
curring eel palm . carding its
the fingers anid cramefcering its oir eo Fingereips
rer-pasicien in preparation for doing whiserer
your rearing pedi pei. At dhe same time, curr
the left-hand sm che palm amd che for of che
coin ard Facing the ited, dred aoeare ihe oon
iene Spelierund pecicion wich che left second
fingertip. Turn your left-hand palm up, with che
coin now in leltchand Spellboured Prricion.

SPELLBOUND C
VARIATION AND DISPLAY
Ths move ie an extension of the Spelfbound
‘Changesoer Pale In is als moce versarile anal ie
the ao an pits — es
perfirm, a ar at enipert ips
the palm-up right hamd, beemoen che tips of
the t b, First and scone! Fingers, The Fave al”
the onic in displayed cu vour audicnoc, The lel
hand is palm ubrwn, with fingers curled and a
half dallas in figentiporest ition. Tue pour
left-hand palm up, exteeding the fingers toward.
he: vig. At aha: sane time nan che ighe-hand
m cree, and over tbe coin on che expended
figertins ao chat it can't be seen. Touch che
miivdelle inge of che left fiese finger with the
lower edge of the onim inv che Tight and fas in
photo 58)

CHAPTER TWO = VANIGHES, SHUTTLE PASSES.LOMDS & CHAMNGEOWER PALMS = 33

tow che hand actions change From rhe original
mnoee. Wichdhnw che righ , magepinyg ther
righa-hand coin agains the ek fingem (photo
60). At the eame timc, pene che Gee of the coin
atthe left fingereipa agains the ieuade of che fin-
peréoFshe ripth bana (photo G2 shows abe samee
penerion wih the right iBumb reennved for clar=
ity). Grasp the cola on the left fingers with the
lel dumb Aa the same time, gravp the edge of
the coin in the right hand with tbe righe chum
(photo 62). Separane the hands, the t hand
hofding: ake coin thar was juaz in abe belt hare,
the left bad holding the coin chat was just in
the right hand, Aa with a Shucthe Mass, torn the
Icfi-hand palm down and place che exim or shat
sik whore sodden. As thie hands scparage, cond
the Haghi Finger amd transfer the eain bo fieniger=
fp eet, chen te wherever ip is needed for the
pe taal age peebormbing,

FINAL THOMARHTS: | frequenaly follow ap: this
move wich a hand -washing-cype digplay no show
‘bodh sides of the coin. Ins purpose is also oo give
the impresion that the hands are ompey ceocpe
for ibe coin on display. Continue From the mo-
me ee oe Turn pe eae

rm eran, ing the euim do aig
oF the firse fine ire churdb, Ad ioe
Hine, Finger palne the ecir i abe 1 tained ond
tarnt ie palm up, eaing the colin dene abe lett
berween che ripe of che right chumh and Fret
fr fphote 63) Wichour stopping, mm che
rigecbend palm down, and cake che coin with
the tips of che chum and. fra finger of che
palm-up left hard.

NOWHERE PALM
CHANGEOVER PALM

Lincil era hie move has been snpubtished. |
use inwhen | am taking coins oot of eny beam
forevaminarion at she cral of a renucitte. Bevause
of the usc of Nowhere palm (a cherd-finger curt
ec d by Groot? Lara), beaks fearads

empry are aul after the eraicder, ex=

fir the ooina on dingday. ‘To fegin, enced
F English in Nowhere paler in che
satioed ‘is Gus inpo ahis posinion,
mart with che coin in ser palm Cimep che
edge of the coin closest oo che finer finger winks
therbumb and reaare ic operand (photo Gap Coal
ube ahind finger co grasp and sanneani che rine
al che cain, Whore the thsamb olf the coin, which
proce the coin into Mewhere palm, beld be che
curled third fingor (phete 65)

a

AUHINSTEIN ON MAGI

Display = silver half dollar at che tips of the
thiasnh aed fire finger of the palm-up ft hand,
fee of the coin coward your sudiceec, Geoure
with yout righe bandl, shewing le ta be empty
tribe coin im Nowhere palm & hidden seed can't
be send, Mere pour righe hand po abe left in ar
dente tale che silver coin with the right dumb
amul fires: finger. ‘When the igh hand is abso
fe take che coin, lewer and cance che left sec-
ond, chind, and fourth fingers (stedo GB) This
is basically covered hy che beck of the righ
howl. ‘Take the sider ein with the right thumb
aired fiewe iinger, secretly plocing the right No-
where-palmed enim oneo the excersded left fin-
pers (photo OT) Mowe your right hand oo ibe
right. and varn your left hed inwarl, curting in
the left fingers so char the coin sire in figernip
meet andi can't be seen:

FINAL THOWMGHTS: Gooll dovekapnd Nowhen
pale originally as a joke, en fal gh who knew
of Duwi Reak’s use oF sevetul finger curl pale
be brig Hanging Coie reunine, The osiginal i

carl palm with a coin fusing che second Finger)
can he craced hack eo Bobo's Modern (sin Stag-
ie, by Kink Stiles, used im The Carmmfvel Airighs,
Biorid Boch popullariaed chis posiron ‘with the
publicarion of his edge grip cochmiques

RUBINSTEIN PUT-BACK MOVE

‘Thie & a rather unis Chan ver Palm, based,
on the: Porhank opctrigee of Masao Areukews
from the igga Richard Kaulman book, Five
‘Tinses Five, ued inthe resting four iy Four, br is
uted ia a few eousines im chat bk and has nice
er been tage before. les peienary function it po
scerenby a colm co the hard. ax you ecmowe
oe from che fingertips, In order ew perform this
move, you will need three coins fale rough ip exn
also be done with only ewob, For che saloe al" eee
ting up she move, hold the coins bn a horisongal
fan at che fingertips of the palm-up right hana.
The coin ae right i ineermos and held by
the chum, while the cednan abe eft is. owners
fang amd held agasnet the middle coim by che
tip af abe second finger (phete 65} Reach over
to take dhe ein on che lef side of the an with
the belt Fiese finger andl dhumb, Tarn yur hand
palin upto dinplay the coin, theambs ariel fines fim
eer upward ond rest of che fingers exietdal in
Frona of the coin Begin co close viur left: hand
and man ir palm down. As you close pour hand,
clip abe coin beeween the clps-of che second end

third figpem dphete GO. Cling dhe vbecmb> und
first Finger again, each fron eo take che
nent com ame) the cps of the righe fingers tomch
the middle phalanges of she leh fingers (phate
TOL Thre serves ax cover for you oo exacnd the
scoonal ane chind Fingers slightly, socrcaly
ing che clipped coin omn bane of the i

se nd ceclosing inioa fisr (photos Tip. Take
the cokn our of the fingontpe are nscer
your hand a bit co the bet. ay thin eis at
the ripsiof che ahumb-and frre Enger, then hoe it:
fall inco the fe. Repeat ehis action co remove
the thirel coin, betting at alec fall inte thee eft Fier
after you display ir to your adie. The second
and third enis will clink againar exch other a
you the dhird cosn ineo the Fist. There ia mo
noise you let the second colm drop inna che
fise, bur this discrepancy ie mever naviced. You
nin have owe coins (apparently choeel in che belt
fund, and one hidden Im finger-palm position in
the sight band. Ar chis poing you can make one
edt go no che otber band or vaniih, depending

‘On -yosar munine,

Thi oecbmique bers irself ona nice Adder’: fea

ery , Stare with ewe codins in right Newhere
im, Shaw betk hands oo be wv Inhe codns
in Nowhere are hidden by che shind fenger

and can't be enh, chen secretly manefer che bw
cobra finger Produce the firsr cain From
the abr by pushing ir coke sips df che thumbs aed
fire finger. Tum your hana palm up oa diyplay
the fice of he enim te the audience (the ecco

CHAPTER TWO + WANESHES, SHUTTLE PASSES.LOADS & CHANGEOVER PALMS = 25.

ooin is hidhben in deo jeicoenl, Talk ube
coimeith che cipaol the and first fin-
ated gurtt teft-hand pales up co display

the enim. Tern: yest beard pale down, secret hy
iliding the coin berween the tkps of che second
and chind fingers with your shumb. Clip the ooin
and curl your fingers as place your ingy
the pockes, oo apparenaby ewer the coin.

Produce che sceond coin iy neaching inno ihe
air and, pushing ie othe cipsal che right fone
finger aril dhumb, Tus your hard ee it
display the coin ae che nigereh ace of che
coin trward he gudicnce. Ar emt rime,
nemene pour left hard fron alse t, kecpe
ing the secome, third, and fourth fingers curbed
so thug ahe cli coin isn't seen. Performs the
Aukineein Poredack Move, loading the cain inn
he right hand as you remove the cobn bom the

right fimgerrips.

By repeating chia accion, yeu can pet a very moe
conrinac production. Axa gag. you can pro=
duce che oui several timex. Each eme you prox
hice a coin neve right hand say, “Mave you coor
hada Did wat experience? Ide whenever I pluck a coin
eur of the abr and place ir freon proce te tei.”

br-gees funnier with each peodsction, Vou cas
alsy produce differen rypes of coina, grabbing
chem from your packer and loading ir men your
right hand.


A trick will always look more
magical as you climinate

UNMeCeSsary MOVEMENTS.

JOn Aitchaed Hadviesretin


Chapter THREE
CLICK PASSES

Click Mase aia very tefl ree be cite
map. (allows you oo apparcenby rane
Fewo ar enone outa eons cine ara eo
the other, a0 char a "clink" Is beard during the
tranafer, However, ome or mone coin ant aena-
ally revained le the Girt banal ‘The first Click
Paw war dheucribed in Profesor Heol Finan’s Mare
i published: imate. ier under the
vide Passa and ix described as che invention
of Profese Chasdes Eduan Piel Aribar Ome
published 2 variation im mao im hit Beginner's
(oui te Conjurieg. avhich invgheed the use
of three coins vo cra the soamd. Siner then,
there hang been coancless variations. This chap
ter Uluspraces some of che more practical Glick
Passeu chat | have coms upwich aver the yeare.

THE RUBINSTEIN CLICK PASS

Dhis bea Click Pass ghar | have boer doing since
the carly Ra's. te was First publisbedd Gn my Mae
ver Con Technhque vidio series trons rpiq flarer
ered inco The ia-al Cota Sleghas
OVD sea). To perform, hold cwo caine ina srack
[i ij a ay A hha 1

upper coir piece finer finger wich the shu:
sothar ic lies parcially an che first finger and
partially on che kevecr cain (phate 72). More thar
you eae Hit the upper enim olf che bonrom coin
with che thumb and fine finger when che cam
it in chis position (phate FS) Bring year ihe

73


20 RUNSTEIN COIN MACIC

hand ever ro che paleeup belt hard, and with am
upedown moron of the reir wrist fet the top
coin wif the ketoam coin fon che *up™ monknb
and drop ic inn the left band! fon che “dewn™
mation, sa char it fie strikes the botton coi
ereating a “clink” (phate 74}, As soon aa it fale
into the left hand, chic che deft hard around it
ines a fie, The dhicken ia chat Boch cote were
dropped tena: the lela hase. Moweves, the heen
coin-reniains on the bulls of che expensed sighs
fiegertips. Tun your right hand inward amd curl
your fingers so hae the coin bies in Fingertip-rest
position, and palm it in whatever position is
needed Ine the routine you ane performing.

AIR DROP CLICK PASS

Hike ibis Click Pass for many reasons. First, it
ab poetty much cfhienbes. Where are no intricane
or aliffeculy maven. Sevond, itis very The
handle are always far apart. This pes nev
ef appeared in prise og on DVD, alihough she

is af the move appeared hen ery neey

Seu owes which were given to the suendees
of the New York Goin Magic Sensinam, Ini abcae
notes | described a sizilar move where the sec=
ond coin was in purer palm insecad of the po
sition described . Pfeel char chic bs a more
practical spplscaiion of the iante principle,

‘Two half dollars are used. Digpley them at the
Ieee ol che extended lengers ed the palneup
tighe hazel, Place yrur ibaumlsor che wpypscreresi
eoén and wich a ale tossing maciom, dhumb it
our of your righe nd and onco che exemded
fingers of che pabm-ap let: bame.

Tern your righs-hand pale up mo display che
feet uit, then gunn it palma down to apparcnr
bois the coan enna dhe oot alpeady im the
As youaern vour hand palm down, tranafer
ihe ight hae coin co hlaghs's ialdiige Plsdtiowe
fealled the Marlo Move in bis Ed & Lee-
tare Moces from egg) by prabbeng the edge of
ube finger-palmed coin closesr co the fingertips
with che thumb, and lifting it to a poaishon pers
nad boullar vo ahve betwee che sams ard
ase of the ani chind Fingers (photo TE.
That tees the fingers on pas separane,
giving the illusion of an cmpry band.

Ambe sante dime, toes the cote From the left fin-
pond ina che ale with a slight ated impercepeible
ugeard movement (phoio 76). ‘The coin will fly

ap and serike the coin in Melding Positiog, creat
ing a “clink”, then fall back ineo ibe left hamid,
‘The right band cowers she left ae che onin it pro
pel upwanl, oo this action te hiddea Frem.
view, “eee the Tele Band aa ae coin lard: (ie
aubierse perockves pa coine in ube hard). [he
ambience cacches a glimpse of che coin a
inco che feft hand, it only reintoeces che ay

ene drop of the coin from the right hare! tna
the ket. Gmer the ovina hit, alliw che eetained
cole io Gl hack jnao Ginger palin,

ANAL THOUGHTS: The posted colm rise hosieon-
wally, making is easier co hic the edge of the oon
in Hokiing Postion. The hands hace some adie
tance between them, eliminating, ihe Ea by
ity af pesformisng a “me”, The Fi

vigiue of che Helsing Mowe, looks i open. amd
ihe note is now muti bur.a geenlne “climb.”

THE TURNOVER DOUBLE CLICK PASS
This ig a choreographed move thar is designed oo

minvic the tramfer of nwo enins foes ane hase
io the other, but secrete regaining hath. leanly
taker a scdond co execute bear be explained ina
very detailed manner in order to understand
the osewements of beh hands The genesia of
ikic move was published in che June ipSy ieee
of bus the fal handling appeared
in my exay Beene Seull Neses, piecn aur te tbe
attendoc al the Mew York Coin Magic Seminar.

Moki wea half dollars-squared on the middh:
phalnge of your right scoond finger bahich is

fy curled co give your hand a mone eaneral
look, and io hoop the coins squared, The right
hana is palen uy, wiih Fingers posnredd coward the
deft. Pace your right chaenb on che cenver of the
wap cob (fas 7h. Ling yeu — push rhe
op coin ever oo pour firsy Finger, st thar the up-
per edge of the coin moends beyond athe cikge of
ihe firager, the kower colge of ther xin still agsione
the kreerseent onda iphoto 7S). Mane vost pale
whats eft Vicar and seven a oo nog ok thse
face of ube uo coin, pras| ine undberaiske
vwwieh the left chum iphone He 7a}, The bo first fin-
ger couches che rah chen anbin in chis prewitioen

Pull chit. coin aboast an inch away From the ei

hard and peri ‘yer Ieft-hand pales ip. When
you unn he hand pal up, eweep your left
ihamls along the face of she coin coward the
fire finger (phote B89). Cnce you arriec ar she
firse finger, lift che thumb dightly, coinciding

veh the hand ina palm-up postion

CHAPTER THIDDE = CLICK PASSES:


36 SUBUNSTEIN GOIN MaAGEG


Ag soon as vou begin po notane your efi-hand
palm upward, you willl begin to neni your

Highe-hamed spe downward, keeping vour right

Chum bey remaining coin i ghar it retteain
ageinec che might lingers ipo BL) Your of
deh die tahoe his action, iA
the cdge af ahs cin is held aaptinet he fest die
er with the dhamb (phote 82) When the ooln
in the right hae is over che ewin in che palmeup
lef hard, hla ke cein in che bef hud with che
hewer alge ef che right coin.

Soap ube right coin cen the fae of the bef
coin with the second and chind fingers (photo
83). enmicdiately and eececely py epithe edges
af both coine with the eight ibax ard halt
thom againse the right fists Lift the ed:
ca cfidenks coins epwand, we chat che coms ane
now perpemiicular oo the left fengers and flush,

inst the righe first asd second Fingers (whsch
lide them Hem whew, a ba photo 84). The kow-
T af che coins are scill pouching the kee
forer finger. lowe che left chunsh ever go roach:
che naiddile phalange of the left scoonad finger,
so aba dt kooks bike you are holding the cnn
in place with che chumib (pivote 85). The auli-
cece can't acnaally see this, ae che right fingers
hide che coins From view, Wildraw the sp
hamd no aber right-wigh the wa
eeqanad. finger arama! ghe coisa, bo Bohl chem in
fanger pralnt Ai ye withdraw the righa hand,
lie left dhumdh ap te dhe left fire finger
as pouches your belt hand inpow fise, eo shag ia
looks Tike vou took che coin and closed your
hend over shem.

CHAPTER THEREL = CLICK PASSES

SNAP DOWN DOUBLE CLICK PASS

This te a very. illuaive Click Tos, where cwo
coins are apparently placed into the bef: hand,
bus both coins are retained in abe right. Ir origi-
nally appeared in my aney Gaineention Leceure
Moees, in the poutine A Air of Change. To pet
form, halil wna heal chollairs aqpuatend es aber mel =
alle phalasige of your right second Linger (which
in catled eo give your hand a ere tacurall book,
amd eu the woirs sqqaared). The right hand
is pales up, with fingers poincing reward the
left. Your right thumb ties on-iop of tbe crack
dphote FT) Use che chum co the cop coin
awer the middle phal: of the fines [niger ao
thar the upper or ante preerudecs from
the hand (pete 78h Gray this ole with che
left thir os top, and middle pha of the
lc first finger undermeach (phote BG) Lif che
coin aut of he hand abows an inch ard cure
your left-hand. palm dwn oo display bt berauees
the thumb snd fer finger. Say, Une" [photo 87)

Now reverse char movement, dapping the for
af the coin in che left hand back down on rhe
coin in che right hand with che thumb (pho
no ik, Thét cncates a “clink” of ahs ive quar
Wither missing a beat, preven fia it BOTH
oubre with ghey Toft first: enger-and chums an be
fier, bag joet clap he bangers fupether, ‘wei bagi
the enien. |ifche hand alsrar an bnck, narning
it pales owt oo apparently display both colm
berween tle thunk ana first Finger. The heft fin-
mers hide abe face choc there ore really no cole
in the hand (photo #8 shows an exposed view)
Tuan che right hand inward a big so ahar che

coins camnoc be soem. Say, “Tao”

The illsien fe chat fret yeu gook the upper
qvin, then went back and cook the eecerl enim
asvwell, Enarcalicy, yeu cook wie fins cain, ther
put at right beach: nchsere
pretence of taking beth evtn
inszhon during thes acthon. Tahoe the first onlin,
replace ir (*clinke"1, anal lit the band as if you
baci the second coinon che next bear.

Finith br closing the left hand insu a fies, cop
preeedly around che neo oping, As the left hand
withdraws te the left, bend in che right second

finger to halal the ovine in right finger palm,

En

32 WUBRYSTEIN COW MERGE

NOWHERE PALM CLICK PASS

‘This Click Paes allows wou co show the right-
hand empey alter che Click Pass in. performed,
Fe also appeared in the 2oay Secner Stuff Nugex,
handed our eu the avendecs of the Mew York
Coin Magic Seminar. However, the handling
has heen modiied since the aviginal publica:
Hon co make ie iste praceical

Begin with bork coins held is ghe right hard,
4 the base of the right sccomd Sieger. The sec-
ent Finger ix shigha! turled co keep che eins
squared, and aber fn Fei ard Gpihediay
TH). Using abe ri hws pact t
coin onto che extendesd fiugerripss fie pales
up left hand with-a dlight towing motion. Plice
Jour left chumb en che coin, and briefly cum
the let hand over and back eo show boul sires
val che exin

During this moversene, num uur right-Land
1m re the ket anal preteaed ro lard che comer
ng coin ar the righe fingertips. |r realy, as
tur your right hand, cual your cighe ehind fin-
f slightly and grasp the 1 edge of the coin
loseat to the fies finger) with rhe riche thambs
ae in poe ell, Bull the bd carer unaillyen
can grasp che rim ef thy coin ly che curled! shind
finger eo Bend it in righ thinl-finger earl Palms
falen known an Ce Larm’s Nowhere palm,
Piste G6). Place nl thumb tip immediately
ina the right fire and second Fingertip, av
if you were hha ling the coin ar che fingertips

‘Turt your left-hand palm wp, with whe enim res
ing on the Clipsal Pe pia and third Fingers,
Bring our right hand ower the cedin in the left
ha Remove the sighs thamls, and with a slight
dropping metion turn your righthand palm
down and prevend wo dog the coin fem the
right fingritips wews ehe-codn in the left Rand.
Invrealiey, hit che-cedn en abe bef Fingertips wich
the coin ts Nowhere Im, making an audible
“climk™ (photo G6 with abe cheml> moved for
clarity), Imencdianely close the lef hand ine a
fist and sepesane the harals, The illusion i ist
weet dropped the colin from che Hight omic che
Jef. ‘The clink reinforces chia illusion.

You can mow flash sear right band ie 3 geenure
with your fingers coward the audience, sa char
the hand! appears empey, the asin hidden in Nice
where palm,

FINAL THOUGHTS: Au firve glance chis-wenld

appear io he ovarian of the Air Brap Click
Plex, However, in this pass the right hand chinks
Sta coin against the coin in abe Defy hand. Wich
che ir Chop Glick Puss, che coin frum abe belt
tlinks againse che coin im the righe. Alt

the? Palen Click Pins has.» coeier feel,
eres Be thar ate fede hand cas be akewn:
erapty alter che mare,

NOWHERE PALM
DOUBLE CLICK PASS

This Click Pais superficially reiembtes the Mire
were Pabn Glick Pass, out she mechanics differ
slightly, and both coins ae ecained in Nowhere
palmar che end of che move, Je hat never been

published before. Begin with bach coans held in
the right hand, ae the base of whe wight secend
fieger, The wecomd fi ia alaghily curlod co
keep che pins mae oe thse: is Facing

rd. Lixing she night chun, pasiks ele
inst oil onto the extended fingerrips of che
palne-up left hand wah a, ie tossl ng meetin,
Place left theml on the coin, and briefly
tan the KS hard over and back oo show boah
sides of the-coin,

Tura pour keft-hand palm.up, with the coin reer
jing om the tips of che secord and third fingers.
Oisplay the coin at the base of the right second
finger in che palm-up right hand, Turn your
tient hand ewer 1 erly drep abe enim
oneo the coin indie belt hand. Aa you turn your
hana aver, slighthy curl your igi hid fr

and grate che edpe ef thecoin closest ne che fre
finger weiks the thumbs tax in photo 641. Lever
the edge af che comn wpward and press che op-

————

CHAPTER THEE « CLICK PASSES 33

posite edge of the coin against che hind Gry
(photo 94) Hic the face of the coin in the Kh
hand wigh the Face of che coin in che fig hand,

Press the eving together with the left ehueal
(peste 82). Corl the right chind dieger arousdd
the rim of boch coins, purring boch the coins
(eto Nowhere pales, Chase year bit hand ino
a fot (apparently helding the reo coin} and
ombdraw your right hire You can new

your right hond im a-geseure with your fingers
toward the wadlence, so ahar the Rand appears
empty. The coins hidden in Nowhere paln cane
be eoen.

FAN DOUBLE CLICK PASS

That Click Pisa.was corated for a scenario where
three dilferenc wien are held (mo fan an che fin-
pertips 1 use ig is the contexc of a copper-sil-
vor-brast murine, shheagh yes can certain
iy use ic with cheee amilar eoine. It hax never
appeared in pring or ent any DVL, fr-combshnes
B iaroas ofthe Ramaiy Wirtisk andl Mile Korr’s
Pine Narnia,

PREPARATION; You willl need a silver half slollar,
a copper English penny, and a balldeller-sined
Chinese coin. The ah ra ina harixentall
fin at ake finperti hnaep right haral,
fees of che coats wil ies pet du fir
gerd pointed apward, The silver coin is ar whe
righs of the fan ard innermost, held by the vipa
whe chuewh ana first Finger. The Chinese coon
ix in che middle, pressed agxinst che left side
of che silver coun aul. aha Feld by the chum
ape firac finger. ‘Ie coi is ac the deft,
rowed agains the eft sade of the Chinese coin
rite tip oF abe second finger (prone $3)

34 AUBINSTEIN COON MAGIC


PERFORMANCE: Preiend po coke the
coin with abe left hand. Under che cover of che

left fi sccrealy allow rhe copper coin ra
Elk ceity base oF de righe ff as in che
Rai ‘Vanish (phote D4), Move the left hand ta
the belt, fingont-caronded ax if chee held she coin
{photo 85), (hone the bef hand inno a fret as you

ay, “Fine dhe capper,

Bring your Fight hand eee ao the heft, which
opent a bic eo receive che Chines coin (phe

to B61 Wiih anu fi meter ae the werden,
etend po Chinese coin Ineo ithe belt
aed. Chr chee rent carina kowvive ding the

Chinese coin oneo the ccnim ar che base:
ofthe ugar ccatng a Ch nk” (phate 87). Say,
* then the Chinese..." closing che left hand as af
it caughe the Chincue coin Bue to che indies, the

fener penociecs wu coins im the beft hand.
You can now proceed cighet eo makir the opin
vanish, o¢ a franaponizicn av altace
int che roudine, Poole,

FINAL THOUGHTS: IF desired, you ean alee pre-
tend codrop in the thied coin, which woukd e-
senclally be Milbon Kerr's op Vanish, oo effec
tuare a chace-ooin eanish.

CHAPTER THREE = CLICK PASSES BG

REVERSE DOUBLE CLICK PASS
This move saw princ im che June egy fee ol
Aypocalyper: [e's nor difficult, urilizing Al Schned-
der's Clamic Vanish co accomplish che mame. Tox
ean, pick upa coin and display it.om the right
pale. Wace your second and chird fingertips on
the fee af che coin dphoto 96) and ran ee
hand palm chrars, Alow she-coin cirifall eh ci
dip aese, then place your dame the Bee
coin dnd extend the fingers (photo 99). Plage chia
coin inco che extended fingers of elie jiexpt bee
band. Finish bby closing ahe felt hand ineo a fae
after che coin is seen iin che hand. Move: char you
can alas begin this move with: che coin already:
on the cxnmded left imgene. In this cas, when
ick up che reer coin casually cur your bet
fink eal shots dick Gu chs Rigen a dt

oxin reves an the ips,

i a seeond coin with the right hard,
fore, display ic ot the palm. Place the
ri and third fingertips on the face of che
coin and curn the hurd pales dwn. ‘This rime,
though, the coin stays in classe | Escnenudd
the oats fi and a) your t he oe the
inmer right fingertips as if you were bo
the coin againat chem tphote 100). Make a nt
eutmard gction with: your right hand as if you
Scaughe® the onin at the vishe Fangertipa

Premnd ta pase the eoan biog che ele bared,
Open left-hand up with che fingers ex
tended oo che right and ooie rearing on the tips
od the-secomad and third fingers, ier ee tat
of the ri fingers {photo 104), press che coin
en the left fingertips ince right clash palm
dehete 202) Ie makes a “clink® as the coin hits
the classie-palmed coin, rel img abe ilhasion
that beh coin were placed inva the left hand.
Both quits actually are classic palmed iin ihe
raghe hand, Clone he left hand finno a fiae appar-
encly hodling the pwocome, Withdraw the right
hand, with beh coins now im clanic palm,


You will become a better magician
with comms if you can do your moves
from left to right as well as from

right to left. Practice both ways.
Otherwise, you will be limited.
Yr Mrehoe! Kabnastern


Chapter FOUR
SPELLBOUND MOVES

IMPROMPTU TOUCH CHANGE

jokn Mendowa toa version af the tosh
vhange Spellbound in the seventies, Wiese
ley Janes publiched his own version in Goin-
magic, in 19d. This version is ble che Mi
move in thar onc finger fe rubbed over the gale
ie the pr yagha im mine ae rey
ierens. Tt ay fal parE ies ert
ic Clasthe pide tai ea did pr rae
is in Iefthare| Spellbound position, berween
the sips oF the chum, firs, caer ae
Hahd a copper English penny ten righe:! 1
vUips reas. teapot right re pat bo the
fe During this movement place your
chomb on the-coin amd porane ix arcanl che fir
pers (photo 20%) oa chat lite fer lice againet the
nail of che seoand Finger. 1 call chis persicion Winil
(Grip. Arche same time, expend the tena finger int
a pointing positien (phets 104),


You will become a better magician
with coins if you can do your moves
from lefi to right as well as from

right to left. Practice both ways.
Otherwise, you will be limited,

-fr, Micherel Rushemstete


Chapter FOUR
SPELLBOUND MOVES

IMPROMPTU TOUCH CHANGE

Jehe Mendoza naught o verston of the ouch
ghange SpeShounad kim che seventies, ica
le le publiibed bik oon version in Coin-
mage, in 1980. This version is like the Mendoza
move in chat one Finger is rubbed over che cain.
ieee the mchanics of chis cabled
iferent, bt appear i pene i Mwy
ic Canke Nota Te perforin, «the bal oli
is in befe-haind Sy md position, bereccn
the cipm of the chum, fizse, and second fingers,
Hold a copper English penny in ri rhanid fine
ap peat, Bring your right aver co the
» Burisg this exwement place pour ri
tambon the coln and rorape ix arcu che fin
were (photo 203 wo char ite face lie: againet the
madl of che second Finger. 1 call this position Nail
Grip, Arihe same rime, conced the terse finger iit
a poincing posinicn (phate 204),


20 RUDINGTEIN GOON MAGI

THE RUBINSTEIN STEAL BACK

Ina Spellbound sequence, one alten comes to 3
eine where bach cooing are in the same band A
Sens! Bock allows vou to perform a charge while
iooretlhy werent abt of qe coins aur of ihe
awed. ‘Thi mave & basedon a Sreal Hack of Ken
Krerarell luc is easier 1 perform. fc hat never
heen taughe before.

In onder no este the meve, a copper ang ir

vis in eh-hand Spellbound: position,

i the nips of the Toh hut sade two Biri

Avsilver half aloflar sits at the base of dhe
gain en 443) This iva commen posi-
aien found alter 2 standard color charge. After
abe change a pet inva. ahie Pons, ELT VO
right- hand jpalies har iit te seen bo be emp:
ay, Tarn ir erie ae extend che fingers and
ome your right hard ro che left, cowering the
copper coin. When vou artive ac the left hand,
secpethy place your right thurab on the righr rim
ofthe vilver coin (pie 214) Continue co move

jyour right hand ethe beh, pushing che oppotine

edge of che silver coin inte che inecrncrian Ibe-
eweon the vides af che firse and second fingers
(pete 145) Aa woes a5 the edge nevibes ghite in
Henge ioe, move your thumdh off che igh
tendorade of the silver coin, and abit she
eoinae ehe righe wich che lef thers, sor cheat it
ene lies inthe creech of che right chumb (photo
208) Lever chesibvercoin apward uneil che coin
sane lies perpendicular he Left fingers. This
mavemone is covered by the righe fingers ane is
ner soon. With she eight chunah, press che foe
of the sibect coin agains she tips oF the right
fingers, cimulgancowily thumbs palming hic
perooim (phate £27), Mowe ike right hand to al
right, placing che sibver ooim it Spellbound
poiition, Withour hesitacion coetinuc no with-
thaw: che ri fe hand co ghe righa, rewealing abe
sileer coin, ares a coin remabna in the right
hand in thumb

FINAL THOUGHTS: This move solves che
of performing the Anetsel Sina! Buck gai
hands become a bic swcary, The moiscune aces as
Friction making chat move difficult wo cxecune,
Tt is not ars teins with ibe Kubisarcte Sreal Rask

ae

FLIP-OVER CHANGE

Hoss foram uailiecs a wonderhel color change
in his roucins, The Money Changer, fora in his
age book, Magic and slee! al Rien Her.
fram, With bis mre (deveribed pac in dezeil
tin he ppuglee ‘Tietteghe ome Wild Cot Show ber
den, found i Chapoer Nineh, a ailver hall’ dol

lar in left-hand Spellbound posicion changes oo
a copper Engtish peemy iby gliding che capper
ccodn aver che silver, They are Deel tompthas as
ne, a the hands took very clean. This move was
ron a at a Follow-up so the position where
bach coins ane in bolt-hand SpelBbund poaition,
copper tectog af the silver. Ie has never boon
taught befver.

In onder oo perform the change, hoch eoins are
in left-hand Spellieand position, feel berwwen
the cigs of che thumb and firse ewe fingers. The
eopper coin ison wp of che eer cole. Became
ic is dighily bigeer chan che silver coin, the sil-
ver onit foie seen. "Tum your right-hand
palm up ap thar it ia eeem oo be empay: Tarn it
palm down, eaend che fingers and move your
Tight harwl oo che lef. eovering the copper cain
with the tights fire and second fieggeas, Seoret=
hv lace ins right thinwdh under che silver onin
and prev bosh ooire agalnce che extenabed sigh
fiegers. Lift bach coins aber an inch wat of che
Spellewaral ion ard push abe other eoin
rowan am beyond che side of the fire Finger
(photo 118). Turn aie hand pales inward
and open che belt-hamd. palm pth ing
nended career. Lee the ler coin drop over
che fina finger (phete 2) onto the creed
fingees oF the lei hand. As you perform: the
seamen, carl he sight Fingers sor thay the copper
coin it heli in finger palit. Ac ibis puter vu
an costinue with your prefereed Spells
segarniee.

An aleemace healing would be to make boch
coins and bring, cheen up on your mcaarhs go
on chem. Cuming this action, path abe silver
coin to the fingertips and finger palm che cop=
peroolm Pooes Herprams usce hes seme oochnicgar
in his nouring, The Mloncy Changer, bur ir ie noe
ipnal as a color 5 ELAS a ey ae
arate the nan coins as cha onky ane is hel ae

the fingertips,

CHAPTER FOUR + SPELLBOUND MOVES 45


42 RUBINSTEIN COIN MGIC


FINAL THOUGHTS: | usually follow abie move
with the Speliispund Palm on the Spell.
bron € Pales Markusen and fMoplay,
with bach seeeenplisdhking che goal of showing
the hard eo be empey excepa for che aiken coin,

Aether nlve move po wet as a follreup bi en
drop tbe sileer coin once the Let palm inated
of the fingers: Pick it up with the right fingers,
executing the Vormin Hale: co secre

drop. the cupper cule ente che bace of ehe felt
fingers dphoby 120). You can phen place che silver
opin inti beh. : rain, with
ibe renin remaining
the left Fingers. Follow wrk the Ruibinsrein Steal
Rack pe ihe silver cols back no copper,
the silver coin finidhing in rightthamb palm.

THE SOFT CHANGE
That eee originally appeared in my rps book,

Aly Ch Collection. |p bt based on Sol
Soone's ir Sainch (Change, From Kauiman’s
‘Colnmagic, To perform, begin with a

Copper
Engbih penny clipped in left hand front-finger:
chip poustinn, berwrer the left first and second
fingers (phate 124), Diiplay a silver half dollar
face toward yeast spoceatory, behd in che palm
up tight hand between che cips of uke thumb,
ae and second fingers,

Bring

abewe. -yorur night hanilisa ghar che fi
point coward the spocnaton and the Foe of ihe
sibver coin is nore parallel po ghar flows, Chora irre
to bower the heft: hard, ungil she free eukge of che
silver coin ies abe hrwer vide of the exvended
leh thied fi (photo 123) Canritie 1 move
the left hard dewnwand, amd wichous mowing
the ight dhambs Ber che coin pop our of ins grips
dnd. press apainet the inner Ue hinge, holding
che coin againer tbem wich che cipsof che wight
fire and second fingers (photo 123) As soc 2
che cofn is in chis povirion, pull the Iefe fowls
finger ireard just a bir no eroane & hedge om chat
che lower edge of the coin esti on it, Withenst
hesitarion grasp the frecedec of alee cain
wich the right thumbs, feret and sccosid fiegers
{phote 124),

Mowe vour left hand bo abe fefe with ehe sibeer
ooin resting on the oF che fourth finger ana
caress the underside of the copper coin with che
left second finger thot 225) Tarn che righ:

jour belt hand aver te she right. from
the

hideders ac tbe base off

CHAPTER FOUR + SPELLEDUND MOVES 43

fracrecl a ini evel che Hee of the cop
per atti ial Tarn your keht-hand
palm down, transferring the silver coin to finger
palm.or vo where yeu eeed ir for che mem move,

WAL THOUGHTS: The change of the cain from
silver wo copper iv subqle Boose the face of
the coin ie not cen during the change, amby the
eulge. Te is quite aeartlin, en 10 reveal che
faer of che coin alter phe hand moses away,

THE STRIKE CHANGE

This enave watadlewe! alter playing with [ra
vid ‘Williamesn's ‘inl ows Michael
Amiear's Encore Two. ft first a om my
1985, Master Coin Technhyos +! series (lager
nurned inco the Encyclopedia of Coin Sleights
DVD seth Topordirm, silver halfdollar is held
in beft-hand Spellbound position, berwecr the
tips of the thumb, fine, and socom a he ral
copper English pouny vit or cop: of ic, hiding
the silecr evin.

Exper your right diner finger and carl che och-
ens. Tou are mow goieg co apparently strike the

cola seichthe ight finger chree tines. Ax
you boing the right hand over te che left eo wawiar
the ooin, cllt ube lett fear a hig towed the right
withaslighecileof the wring, and sarike che tegeel
the ccpin wih che right fiewr fiegcr [photo
126) re fi strike the vin ag dhe
booed wf the le so chag cheve & nota lor of

eqecen che cote and. ihe right hand, Bo
this action pwiee On the ahind sonitbe, bowever,
release the grip of whe left See
aitad fi on the if cen, ir
Peiuet shad be acticy ore fivcefil the
third sunike meget che copper coin no eer) canst
es the copper coin co fly off the silver coin and
foro che right hand, through the space created be
the chum, fire, eral socond fingers (phate 227).
The illusion ix thas the copper changes to silver
ar you weds (Beenie. Mave the right handl awxy
From ibe lel, with the copper cola kn right-hand
Fingertipe rear.

FINAL THOUGHTS: [in order nu gre che coire inno:
the position needed for che change, yeu cam ei-
ther scent with thecolns in thar paeirinn or con-
sider wing the Borram mace refcromced in ihe
show wersson of Taeilight Zone Wild Coss, found
in Chapter Nine,

a4 AUGUSTIN COIN MAGES

THE RUB CHANGE

| have always liked chis move, because ir allrws:
grou tw show boeh hans enmpty alter the change
ed onbor. fa was inicially Prue inte peraiik in ey’ apy
Magic Casale Lecture Noses. There is ore bod am.
pe at che cxtmcene efi, bur his cam be roccifsed
urttiong eour baby if ‘you have a lew of

watching em tether area. ‘To perdorm, hokd a sik
‘oer half diedlar, faoe reward the audience, berwren
the tips of the right thumb, fare and second
fingers: ‘The right tangent: poset toward che belt
(photo 1268) | hold a copper pei pemany in the
fot hand, behind che cxncnded fingers wich the
thumb, The lef dhomb presses the cep olgeinf the
coin apsinst che fing finged. oo beddl oie

Bring ibe bef hand oer oo and im frome of the
silvercoirs in che right harel, Assia ache silver
oon it hides Foe view excend che ri
ond finger across the face of the silver opin ard
preot abe coin under the tip oF the chumb (phase
129) Woh the raghs pradis and fang Ginger now
inee, ake copper ouvir (photo 130). With:
drowibe Le band po che left coneveal the copper
coin, with the silver coin hiddon behind ir

Agsoen as you efecomate ihe change, bring che
right hand over roche heft, faceat ‘the copper oir
‘ail Eich tein the audience. Coreen ir by the
edges with he két Chambon Has, feet pans fimi-
eve underneath (photo 134) Photo 142 shows
the view freee che Frome. Tian che iene
apeand the right- ard iret ‘gto - the
om con is Baw int eet

te Make ue thar the penal sv haben
first by the coin, chen by the backs of the
lofi fingers. Wrnler the emver'oF the left fi

eretlhy the aver coan od F ahi tipol a

scooml finger wich che dhemb. Ihe silver coin
arial erties fingers Hove: yor
mathe hand rete right anal ogee it pals care
ap ca rar i Hint

CHAPTER FOUR + SPELLEOUND MOWES 46

SPELLBOUND 9333

Ashortened version of ahis move originally ape
peared ia che fone/fuly 1a isaue of Nlaghe Man-
usar. This isthe complene ssquence which was
petformed on che 195 Mawer Coin Technique
video series, lance carmed irae the E

alia of Gain Sleight (0s, br is bad om an
obscure moer by toarl Meflish, called abe There
CIDook Nip, peblished in the Creer pate dean
af Apocalypse, Hevause the Guied teed no be i
aucry epee: ponbiien, if would a firs: glance
seem eo he a bie impeactical, Hereever, ashene is
a teally paod wary po-use et ar one pode dui
Spelliwanal rourite. This will be described ar che
endl in che FINAL THOUGHTS sconion.

To begin, make an OK sign wich the right hard
Now flaren the space made between the chun
and fire finger, so‘you are ghe pe naa chore
by phate 133, You ane i sere a cap
ad Engliah: penn ie ot
ies coepetey oolge sprig the hack wf the chuse!
with the dap of che fine finger. The copper coin
angles: bis behind che chuenly ae the level of
the chunsly nail (photo 134). Wich che hand in
this pecirion, boll the exoreme edge of 0 athver
hall dollar heeween the cips of che chum amd
first finger. Ler abe half dollar danghe ereer the
dp-of the chun iphoto 15).

To help hide che copper coin, usc the belt kane
po slightly adjuse the silver o rasp ibe: ban
the sihecr cvin anid re upward ard
feed aber dhurih aswell, a chas i
ecige or craps aril gances ibe abe: el che
doin. Freen the Gene emily dhe sib coin is seen,
armed ake hase appears vorally empry exeqpe for
the silver ente [ptsoto 136) ‘This is ike szurcing
dinalay position.



Being your palm-down efi hand aver to the
right and curl the excended left fingers around
the diver coin, chum ng bebii hee

coin, Ag you cover thes ela, glace pbcr el
thumbson che back edge of the copper coon the
to 237) Mowe the leh hand vo abe lef, finest
pulming the silver coin, and reaating the Hi
per coin with the left chomb vo the fatale
right hand, still clipped! berworn the cia of che
thamb and fine lnger (phate 238) [1 looks like
the silver coin gharged tm copper.

“Vind age enor’ ing to corn che coin awer te-show
Path sides ee Te cke sat
right-hand palm uj anal with ¢

i rien tenis cain with the
left fest finger tom cop), and thumb underneath
the coin phele 23). Tira your lefe-
hind pei

to cure over thecoin and graip
ir again bey toc ecg with che thamls pay
finger of the pallm-clown right hand (phate 140),
“That ie just a quick daiplay to show bork sides.of

the eoin.

Te change the copper hack oo silver, the moves
age pas Extend abe left firsr finger and
‘bring the leit eel ofthe copper coin over in che
hase of the jefe bee finger and ip againat
the base [phebs 142). Horace he doeper Pal
hack to itcoriginal position in che eyghs hated by
moving the Kec hand up and ge che niyht- Geap
the odge of the finger-palmed silver waen wit
the tiproF che right chuswh ad firse finger (oho
to 142) Wishaw che teft herd backward and
te the felt, extending he fingges ore curecch
the face of uke silver colin with the left

finger as the hand moves away tohoto 143). The
goin ane mca back in cheir ay a
aed once agakn the copper coin bi a
the palm appears empty. chowing only the silver
col ac che cipe of he shuts mat Rac brger

Withear hevitetion curm dhe left-hare palm ug,
fingers poinging ap oo grag ibe silver coon in
sph nnitian, Ieeween che eps al the belt

mls anid Hear ewer fe iphoto 144) Secret:
h release the grip ond copper eoin aa thar
tik over the right chumb ona che base of che
left fingers. Mowe che banal che right,
alisplaying. he open palm co tbe andicnoe 1
vberar chan ic ie empy

‘CHAPTIOR POUR» SECLABOUND ADOVES 47

FIMAL THOUGHTS: “The hands look ecxcremely
clean dusing chix change However, a4 seated
iin abe rath seuming position
of the cotns as ditiicalt to perform at amy
abme. This can be alleviaced, however, by switch—
ling che phases. Inacead of starting as ribeal,
arert-with a silver coin in left-hane finger palm,
and at the tips of the thumbs and fire
finger of the rela hari

VeeGorn the ascutiall ef uhis mere from
ahis position, placing che finger-palmed silver
vainuedke thal the chum amd Fret fin
get. and rocacieg che behind kat (aa in the

inal Eaning position Yeuwcan new en back
ond forth eves bese wn phases, To finish,
wee the ending 1 pur the silver goin ines bea
hard Spellbound posision, anv biting che eop-
percoin fall ower the eighe chun amen the baw
ofthe belt finger. From there yon can cantina
with cither a Steal Hack (eee the Rublemein or
Korertee| move decribed ehewhere in ahic bookh,
ea anodher type af mee.

Finally, ies che 1g86 book Mew York Magic
posium Collection Five by Scephon Minch, a
routine appeared by ‘Toshihide Nbarabe (Triple
Knockour Spellbound) which usr hoch she start
ling postion and recovery of ibieeeve, bat with
so credit terme,

THE BLOW CHANGE

‘Thit mowe g on any mia Master Cain,
Techsique wide scrim, Liner cueneel new the
Ei af Coin Seq DVT eer, be ina
way 0 the color af a coin withour ape
purendly touching the coin, [1 dows have a bad.

fron the le aide Ie in cdecipned no fallow
a Spellbound move where one com ix in Spell-

bound postion and verge fogarty ran
imicy, “To perform, bold a r jar int
lefechand Spellbound

ition, borween the ti
of the agputinds Fie fe
a copper English pony in. ri anger
feu When ready. cxend che right Gngers aml
Ea she colo againar thers with ahem, ‘This
petition aml ff move ape a harlling
change of Fred Raps, frees his mpi maoniancripa,
Kags on Coien, Rei bared toe cn pra tiga
ae ardin, ities of finger palm wiecl im bibs 1
hhewik, es ef the toate bal ‘his rourine, The

fl ‘Coin, be & considered a scasdand move
pies.) Si Pomicines

48 RUGISSTEIN COIN MADE

ido

Bring the right hand over oo the belt, covering
the silver coin with the eotended right fingers
(photo 145) Under the cower of the igET, aes
creak oe he silver oxin oem the base of che
fingers and graip the oopper i Spelled
position. Move the righ: hand a bit eo che right,
revealing the change irom #lver 1 copper.

Turn the eighs-hanil pales ap asa pesrure co ce-
weal che change (photo 446). The right Fingers

are extended and about ro inches bn feon'e ob
thee hedt Fane, igh Fourth finger jusr in
the Let erage. Winar aeree crea pein ge
ihe copper coin ino wight hand Teel
hy Goshman) pinch. Begin pix tfc et lefe husra
to che tight at the wring and awing the palm-wp
right har yal aniee ret yn Sqnarare the
right fourth finger sli by hrecring it just
umider he whind Tn anil clip che Wi

of the copper coin benween che right chird and
Gruech ieee (phate 247) Ina eonaieninus ac
den congime fo suring the righe hand. lerward
and downward, cumming palm down and curling
inche fingers. Crop co waist Revel, Ac the samme
Hie eceinue no cirn the leftshied palm dawn,
chosing iete a fier. Bring ie up co che enouth and

bieror ops it

When she eight hard is a0 wate level, bain
the Tenkal pinched copper coin into che a
Grarpabe Pree edge of the onin with che secon
Ginger (photo 246), thea rotace tp arnurel che
tips ef dhe chind finger ee 1 fo fingeraigy
a oe nen fr ino classic palm.
Finish by opening chic ele hare to chow thar che

on hat chary bach cosilver

FIRAL THOUGHTS: ‘The Takai pinch was mistake
cooly attribured io 4] Goshman, It waa ariginar-
el hy Iibtds Terkai, guldidbad inthe murine
Whe Teak Perinker in vis fgg publicacion, Six
Tricks bey Teeskai


THE CARTWHEEL CHANGE

Bor abowe whe bike acrohasic changes, this fits
thar description, yer in practical anal not. dif
cule, There are nee vonaans dlewribed bere =
one for sitting deen, al ome for sanding up.
The satlewn verion originally appeared im the
Nencmber ga inae of Apocalypse. The sande
up vertices isan uspublished applicarion of my
Fingertip Shaenke-Puss DXsphay.

ST-DOWN VERSION: To perform this move, you
must be eated ae a tab. E pla
English penny in Tight-hard classic pelm
fore starting, Reve pour right Feared on elie tale
ode, iw in a cou! Fret, ehiuuenls assel
arr a ef the bk, Plage a silver
halfdollar en hee back of dhe hand. Yea ane now

oo jetk. che hand ad arn upward about
thee 00 four leches, coming she saber ooim co
(hy up seraigher bres aber air,

Tur your hand palm partially upward, reering
thee fourch finger on ¢ edge Fhe ralthe,
gereslightly curled, — were giedaiwh
the coi [phete 250) ‘The hisnil ae THe (iri
all che way ep, er dhe clasie-palmel coin wena!
Ihe acer. Alles the sdhver coin: tu clresp pie pase
bee ele of he ble ord ingo year lap. Chose
your hana arabe: pastine thar thee silver coin past
es, 25 if you cangha whe coin. The illusion is thar
you coxsed che col up and caughe irom che w
down, For the illusion ro be perfect, jeoteapl
of chosing the hand ar the right moment, an
ihe proximity af the olin eo the hand sre int
uctamt. If che coin falls coo Far away foam ihe
arid ic won't howrk litlor yer © sage itt rears

pretey rl Gl te the lap 1 tag ibe edge af
ithe table by ing thc igh hand away
Fronts abc af che table Iinsenedaaceby open

ieee thon che silver ealm, ches eoss ix inao che
eubet haral oo finish,

‘STAND-UP VERSION: A. copper English penny it
concealed im lefi-hand sid ee Tele
hand is palm doen, at waist level Display a sil-
ver hall deflar om the back of che right hand
You are new going eo fcrk che hard and ari

rf abeus three ta four inches, causing, the
silver ocean no fly-up acraigha int thse air,

(CHAPTION POUA « SADLIMUNG MOVES 4%

Ture your tighcchand palm up andl cach the
ooim, imenerhanely closing your kand iene = feu
and turning palm clown, Perform tho nage
Shurtle-Par. Display (Chapecs Two) ax ba

Extend yar fingers and place yom right shaemly
againut the athecr oxvin, holding ie-agairiet the ine

aide af he fiesgers near dhe tign Make sure the
her coin i mer sec one the hand caches the
coin. Acdhe cane cme, tann the leltchand palm
ap and exmend whe left fingers under che night,
ao-chow che right sceond ond third fingertips
caver the coin in the left hand,wirh the ri
ahird finger touching the left firs anger: This
hides the coin From view. The right thumb pre-
vents the ooina from couching cach ier which
semuld make an unesntod noise, Place your belt
thamboon the back af che right fingertips and
move rhe Refe hand ns che bet, which be the
acid in che Bele hard ine view. Sliche the
ff chum onto the coin alusing this acclon.
Ieumediaecly finger palm che silver cobn in the
sigh hand, and corn ic palm up. Turm the leit-
ued palm down, keepieg che coin ar che if
firgerti icp etl a on hand be-
worn he right thumb and first Fingrr, Wishour
missing a beat corn the fight hand pal alge
anal place ther an-upich hamid. an
apa thunth, first srl sqpand Ainggeatagne, Thi
hard-weahing-erpe display piven the immigencecinth
ghar vos only have one copper onia, when in re
aliay, vou are hiding a sieer cokn in right-hand

fieger pom.


50 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

SPELLBOUND TIMES THREE

‘This is an finestane eriple § mad, By ine it
is srazgling, Ine at che of the outing will
discuss amoiber applicatios. te appeared in my
ints Crearive Com Magic Leonre Notes Two.
is pohigent you will need owe.shees half dedlans.
rw i pennies: Hold a ni
coin in deft hand drona-hingersclip
atin phoebe 220), berecen abe First mean
fingon. Hold the oher abrec coina in the palm
up right hare, They are held im a horizoncal fan
acorn tips of the right an Firer, and
second fi (photo 154). The copper coin
bs ete i cunt silver, and ihe faeces off the
coins ase teveard the audience, The inmermoar
half dollar (or the right? is-beeld herween the
thumb arab firse fingertip, che oinernicus bal
dollar (furthese left) pressed against che Fam by
the second fingertip.

ct eco ag rotane the right hand downer
until yum right fingers poing coward che audi:
enee and che faces af the Gnned coins ane now
petallel eo the floor, Bring your left hand ower
ieibe right, inserting the balf dallar an the left
sade oF uhe fan ina heft Tae in prodision
Acabe same time add the clipped peany co che
night side od the fan by Loving ator boys of che

half dotlae and grasping ie with the
riget thumb (phote 1524.

‘Withdraw the belt hand po che belt, seealing the
half dollar inte Derere palm, and leaving the
oo por coin at the right wide of the Bim As you
thidese yeast hand rotate the fan upward co
how thr Bees to the auidicenee im, and ca
peu hein fees withthe leby saan
284) You bave jis changed the fen from sil-
versropprrslver, lo coppershier-cupper.

FINAL THOUGHTS: You can use chis action in a
Blue Phantom seqaenoe lalso known ws Ambitions
= Hold a perapeir tite ti silver coans
with a copper coin on che riche wi
haesl, and another sibror Sar 1a in o
Kft band, Pesform ibe move to the el

evi to the night onl of the fan, and che si
colt on the kG ints Downe pin. ‘This brings
the eappercuis te ane frown the tog of the Gn
After wo withdraw the left hand, trasafer the
Downs. coin oo frene FEnger-eip and
repeat the actos. The copper coin will appear
to progressively mowe down ahe fan with each
wave of de hand umeil ir gees to the borrem.


TRIPLE E.G. SPELL
‘This was first published in Richani'y Almanac

back in 1gi2 and was very popular among ma-
giclans. [zis a criple change Sp<llbuuze, lnniah-
ing with an innantascous change no ele abind
iChimesc) coin, Te begin, hold a sopper English
poo erul a halladollar-tined Chinese coin oe
getber in the might hand in edge grip, copper
coin os top. The penny should be slightly larger
than dhe Chinese cole. Most of che mamulac-
tuted Chinese codne used im coi magic fr this
desoripclon, bar since there are se many brands
cur there, it is importans to use the right ane,
Hold a silver half doltar im che right haral at the
tips of the thaml: and sound Finger, in Rock's
rrp Delay (phate 154) In this pavirion,
the hand agpears exnpey cxeepe her che silver
coin, Displar che coin oo your audience wich the
coin inubis povizion, so they can sce che empry
right palm. Msce che silver coin ineo left-hand
Spellbound posithon, beracen che rips of the
ibamb amd furan ven fingers. Poine to che coin
with che right fire Finger and say, “If f bold she
silver codn by noo sides, noching happens Aur if I
ola ohe coin bey four rides, it changer rocopper”

Being the right hand emer eo the [ele fn ome
motion, vwing the wight-hamnd palm upwied so
har (bee i coins are poddgloned right
ewer ehe silver qin and dhe Gee of che copper
euin Hors your audicmce. Under this cover drop:
the silver coin heya eget fingers
ancl the ine free t T
tnd Chinese cob wich Te be hua alee
ond Finger (photo 255) In looks like the silver
coin has changed oo copper! Tilt whe iefe hand
lightly dewnwand ap the wriag when you ale
this, 1s make the copper com tasite in ice. Your
left Fingers should now be potnting temcand pour
aundicnce, the fee of thr capper coin viskble ar
their tips. Say, “Bier iran Photon, boda che anim
in rrafly Chisear.*

This news move isa bie oricky. Pivot the right-
hod pale down, remaining the copper coin in
right edge grip and leaving the Chinese coin at
tbe ips of the lef: fingers dphote 156). In takes
a bic of practice no separate che coins, bue ir ie
he by abe face that che capper coin ix eight
ly larger chan the Chinese cosn. Ot alsa helps af
you wien the ele fingertips just a bit, eorelease
their grip on the copper ooim

CHAPTER FOUR = SPELUBIND MOVES

Sh

$2 AUDINSTON Clay MAGIC

Imenedianely grasp Brup the right edge of the Chinese
col with che righr chem aud second Fingereigy
anid pause for a second no show rhe change (pio
ee erivehiy oun of che bet

it iright hand Eilge-tirip Daplay,
retaining the silver coin in deft finger pale. You
have pat porfuersed 2 very rapid and starcling
triple change,

FINAL THOUGHTS: Stnce che pubtication of chin
sequence, [ have cepa sepieewe a bat.
Tien thar right-hand upercvditggelay abe Chi
near coin, secretly ela the copper coin no
fall into righe finger palm tpete L568). Perform
a Recontion Ta are left hand ithe ROLES
Ken T Reeention Pant works well here), se:
erethy sliding the Chinese evin onto the

sain atthe celal the move, Open the heft
tooneveal chat she woiin has charged back aa
silver enim.

Perform the RARPS anon, scaling ous che ail
ver coin as you again close che leit heed inoo a
fis. Shide che silver coin ongo the finger-palmed
stack as you bring your right hand wea from
the chasing belt initia Reo so
fight Nuwhere pal as
hand co show eke ot had eat
ean show boeh handle go nue audicnge ai be
be cine’ the stack & hidden in Nowhers
im. Tht techinigae is deserted mare inalcrail
iE a later seccion of che bed Lia Cenied Arm
Stabdery,

Finally, Reed Me(lincock has already published
ae toextend — Tecan be Foam inn
is

All performers make mistakes.
The great performers make
that mistake only once.

Dy, Michae! Meshencieny

Lused to practice on my friends all
the time, until they laughed at me.
When I stopped practicing on

them and began to perform
for them, they respected me.
Jr Witenes! Abies,


Chapter FIVE
FALSE COUNTS & USEFUL MOVES

THE PH (PSEUDO HIMBER) COUNT

This. more ta awe aa chooe ooune) wes developed
alec: secing. erties Gem che dfime:
ber Couns, Uodidin'e beke ehay dhe steal of the coin
wean “iFy", and char che people who did the move
wee forced oo alver che way they damped the
ast goin ineo the hand. This move fs very ec
cure, and ibe rhythm ie consiscenn. Ir originally
appeared in my Secret Stuff noves, given wur
(eam el of the New York Coin Magic Sem-
finan im aoay. My original method had che seeced
Se rece ne tee ae
When my ps began ne sweat, heewenre, tbe
mive became mare dificalt pa perlurrs consi
tenth: so this prcecer handling wan devekped

‘To begin, held eww coins squared agains the
rniddle phalange of the right second finger {pho-
to 77). The finger te curked oo bold the coins in

lice. ‘tou are gale coucoume chem ax chree inoo.
the left hand. Mace ‘your ri thumbs against
the uppermosr coin and push irower na che irae
fieger ao thar about a quarter of the coin ox-
cends beyond che edge of che first finger ipho-.
$0 78). Crop this coin cee ibe palm ile left
hand), so chat it lads at che base of ther lel: fire
anid smeonad isons. Clase gh lela heart ewer thee
goin, ang the avin im position Nuec When
vou maki the cos. the harkls should be very
clase eagerher, a chat the areal that follows bas
the sate feel and ehy thes.


S& PRUBSNSTEIN COIN MUGIC

Pah the nce obit with dhe thumb wa char it
averlaps che firvs finger ay before, Use the sarc
motion oo prctenel no drop the amin inte che felt
hol, whieh Opens tb pantie the ewin, Die ne
lee Pi af chia coin, Iewever. dapie elisk i
eperd ef che cole agar the codn in 4
h rap laa a “clink®, ax in pedo 189),
and withdrew the coin back ineo the hand! amd
inst the fingers with che chun (phote 260)
The mewe is caader fab thumb overs misc of
the fice of the coin, Close the left hand aroused
the Joa comet realy omy be ishaoaet the
right Tea pralirt ene i mk ping
etch ee (photo 16), Fait the
hand ao chat che palen curns fevard with ihe
right fiegers pointing oo the left (chum in on
nop h Pua he iil ck to the posicion overs
lapping the Fret fimger with che night thembs ox
ere ohana, Oypen the beft hand andi cinesp
iromte che left-hand coin, cloaing it ineoa ise, It
looks as if'you nosed chree coien from che right
hand imeo chi belf, ome af a time, None abat om
the Soral Back, she coin docun't have co with-
draw encincy back ints the hand. The kee fn-
aful downward eocagion of qh right hharadl
ilps to ide the Stel feck, wed che coin 54 im
mediaeely pushed back over the first Finger. Sa,
in doean't have co be encicely hidden froen view.

ANAL THOUGHTS: Alchough taught with only
wo coins, chit move in ueaally dane with three
coins inthe right hand. The Wlusion is thar alll
abe coin are counted inqotbe left hand, but one
coin never moves from its position in the right,
Ie allinws ye co get one thead foe your reucies,

THE FIDGET COUNT

‘Visually, this Tooke exacily like the PH (Parade
Himber) Ceuny, The mechanics, howeves, ave
very diflerens, | had performed the PH Couns for
rule Vers, hae it became o hir move difficuls
to execute when che hands were ley (a problens
thar developed as | gor older). The Hager Gamr
was created as a subsrinane for cheese coniinkone,
and mow J use it all che rime. In relics om The
Rubinecin Fidget Move, deeclaped when | war
filroen, oo keep my bande bnisy, [finally applied
it co a magic routine (THple Play) at a Flounials
dying a coin peoduction. Thit move haa nov
been publithed hefoneor appeared on eny VID


In ender to peach this mew, it's best to Breer
hare the Rubimorie Halper Moor. Ta perform,
hold a cain ae the cips of alse dhumb and free
Firiger (photo 163) Hendin ehe firer finger onal
mitate che face of dhe eoin once the fall of che
first finger with she chunsh (phate 264) Grasp
the free edge of the coin wish the gip of che
second finger and press ie againer che forex fen-
ger, cli abe coin ar ahe rips herwecen the
First pe secomal fi Opole 165). Mace your
thurrb wndernecath the ooin-ard push whe heer of
che cerin against che ball qf the log finger (poo
263) This eocates che coin arqunl che fiegennips.
Your can ahy china few ties, Note that chis hears
a bee of iémilariey to phe Lates Finger Tiel
(taught in Chapter Nine im the roantine, Viailighr
one WL (lala Show Versio)

The Faiger Gowne is based on this mmrer and is
perlonmed as a cwo ge three coum. To start,
show cheee half dollars in che right bard ar the
base of the fingers Mush the ist casi Ta
the tip-of che dee finger with the chunsls. C

the eft hare io receive the eoan and chusab it
oote rhe base oF dhe belt firve ana sronnad Fingers,
Close che left hand for aseceesd, then open i bo
reccive the acer coin. Push che news coin co the
fp of che Gee fi and press he semaine:
oe against the ia ae whind anid four
fingers (phob 26) This pers the coin oar of the
way of dhe fin and second fingers, char need
space os perform che areal.

Jeokding the eder of the com beeween the
thumb amd tipof the fret fingrs, hie che cevitt bn
the heft hand with ghe appasive edge of the coin,
corating a “clink” {photo 267) Don's fer go af
the coin. Turn yeur tight-harel palm alown, aed
avi che the bef hand execuce che Rubinein
Fidger Meee ia ferace the ain atourd che rip of

CHAPFER FIVE + FALSE COUATS & USEFUL MOWED

a7

5 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

the first himger: When the coin comes aroursd no
the ball of your finer finger, open the left hand
once again and let che coim roll over the fire
finger ared fall ince tbe JeG hand (mas: sure chat
noone can eee how many ooime are accually in
the bef hand). The temaining coin can be bebe ie
Fingertip nest, Finger pales, or where yuu soe it
ta folder up foe yume femibine

FINAL THOUGHTS: As wire che routine, |
pees: the chird coin against che pales, aoic ie sor
in abe way of che steal. As am alrerearive thie
coin can either be classic palmed on elt in fin-
pepe ‘Wich bigger hands {eine anc small),

vewer, this may nos be a. problem,

The R.0.7.5. DISCREPANCY COUNT

reac sare ore “iphnbod
1 ax Four couna, bt originally appeamd in ony
Seeret feufT hones, piven deat eo. ehe attendees af
ihe Miew York Canis Mage Sentinar im sony. [a
ii called awieeepasecy coune because cheve is noe
lied on the second coin: rhe bad avon as thee
dount, The ooune a bic for each sequence,
sol will describe rh ac four couns firs,
To wart, have four half dollan squared agains
the botrom phalanges of the right third Rae,
ibe Enger slightly carla to bok! che eoien in
place (phote LES), Place year them on the coin
atack ard arn ihe right-hiced palm inward so
hear thee side-of the dirse fingers Geing ep, Push
whe enters con ever io the middle paalange
ofthe fieas ferger, co tba it excends ewer ehe fire
pet, beyond dhe hand. Turn your fefeshamd palm
up and place this coin {called Coin One} over
the right dime finger amd oneo the base of the
belt ahird and fourth fingers, which are slighaly
curled. Puah the nes coin over po and beyond
the eniddike phalaner of the first finger at with
the fimis coin, Drop the second evin tealled Coin
Teoh partially once the kreer hzlf of che fire
coin, are. partially anti the palm [phets 169),
“The oalges af he teat esting clink again cach
oeher dering chav drop. Push the shire coie (ain
‘here) ower co.and. beyond che dinar finger 2s Ibe-
fore. This time, however, wou will perioaen the
fhe ‘Sreal to secretly cake back Coin Teo
as Fel iniaev ert ap first and second fim=
gers. With whe side of che fire finger. faciog, up,
the bower ste of your second fi right
recent the rae comms in the hand. This hides

Cain Tire from view (phote 1704 Push Coin There

(CHAPTER FIVE + FALSE COUNTS & USEFI MOVES 59

even fureher over the edt,

af the re frat fim
pet Let ic fall aver the

irae fi idling down
the back of she right first say canard Raed
wo hin Coin One-with che *clink™ as in arrives in
the left had (phete 27). Turn pour righe-hand
palm down and bewer the right chum, wenctty
gracping the lower cidige of Coin Tero behind the
right Fingers (phote 172). Press the foe of chin
coin against the firas andl snconad fenger andl no-
tape your hand back ap eo that the coin in men

perperificuliar oo the palm (piote 173),

Chose che left hand amd remove the right hand
with che fuse steden coun. Push the stoden coin
{Geta Tise) ineo view aver the nigh firet inger on
before Cheaving the last colm anpoucheed in right
finger palmb Open che eft hand Ikoeping

fi curled) co noceive this coin. Consinrar bo
rsh the coin ewer che fret finger anal allem ir
a0 fll inte the eR hand andl ante the caine on
ahe left palm, making a “clink” Chose the belt
bared arvana chee dhroc coins (che acxdienes by-
Hewes it po be four), The fourch cain ts secenesly
fetal in right-bearnd fiesger palm

‘The wo as three cone is done abe: same way,
excep che first coin placed len che bum iy sco
fen our as the coin. is dropped inno the
hand. Theres no noise when che second coin i
dregped ino che hand thence, che discrgpamcy],

THE COMBINATION COUNT

Uaac ibis move av a gw as fixer cone, which
can be very usebul oo get cwo ahead (or nwo be
ied} in a reatine Jt is a combination of the
RAPS. Coenz and ibe Coser
‘The combination of the reo-allows for a very
semooch ocaes with no tebe oa ahve el
mae, ‘To perform, held dhe clon cole in right
fingerspalim posision, ft curled amd palm
facing beard. Push the pop coin to che rip of
your fine Finger with your thamb. Turn your
t-hand pale wpand place ibe cofn once the
pabm-up bef hand just below che baue af che wee~
oma Fi Homews your right hand from the
kh dat nie it palm dwn, Puih the meat osin,
vape tay hve eericlalle- potnal
ghar che wpper half of the coin prcaredes our
from theal of the fre Perform: the [iss
Steal (eee rhe RAUES. Discrepancy oune)
co secretly take back dhe first coim ax clits
Rorace che palm inward and extend che
first and sccond fingers s0 they ine wo chee fi
Wich the ide off che righx Five Fae rein up,
place the rwer side of your ri
get in fruet of the coin at the ron
scoond Finger, Push ibe coin in the righe hand
even Panther over the cbge of the right finer fine
gees Low it Gall ener the Firat Finger, sliding down
the hack off ake nee Get ard iceoed Grgerd go
land om ibe left iepers. ‘Tur ue righe-hased
palms chiren aed lower the righr thumbs, scerealy
inserting ic under the first coin. Press the face
of this coin apabner che fine and second fingers.

a tbe Frrat fiegger, 30°

GO FLAUINETERY COIN MAGEE

174

Renee che hand with ibe aerate
srul murn ie up, at the samseneme ching the
felt hand ints a leese fixe so char ake emoune of
coring (aceually ome) in che hand can't be seen.
Imediarely puah the sookem coin no the side of
che fire: fingertip, sc ir looks like a third coin
it coming inna view, Oper the left bared wth
fingers curled. Holding che odpe of the eoin be-
ween the chun and side oF dhe fot Fingeenig,
forace the right-haed palm upward im hie che
ein in he Ich hanal weeks the apposite lee oF
fhe Goin is the right, creasing 4 “clink® [photo
S62) Corry Lee fa af the goin. Turn veer righr-
hand pals ders, and as vous chose the eft han
exeoure the Rubinarin Fisker cnet a 28
Count) ro tetare the colt amoued che tip ofc
first finger. Reed in the Grer finger and rorace
the face of the com oneo the nail of the first fim
pet wich the chun Grasp the free edge of che
coin wiih the rip af che second fonger and prc
it agairns the firer fingry, clipping, ute cela the
fips betwcen thy Fire ard palit apr: Mave
wor chumdh umdemrah che coen ar he che
face of ihe coin againe, dhe ball of che fier fin-
een Thin revatey the coin arom che fiegenip.

When che cain comes around no che ball of your
forse finger, epen che heft hand once again remave
the right-hand pale upward, leeting. ibe coin
roll weorthe firs finger and openly fall onee the
fine coin, cooing a “clink” fake wane chat ne
ene can sec how many colnd are actually in the
Left hand), Close the left hand, ere sugepscallly

Gongtining Gear cea
ng

THE CLICK STEAL BACK

Fuse this, and che move thar Fallows, co socal
back che eniddle coin of a fan as it is coumped
ina che ogher bartel, Ano toa faler quaznt
where the dance con ik cousted pwing, if car
ther be used fir cheese of che sane epina, ot
theee different coin (euch: at in a Copper/Sal-
ver) Brass roucine). For ibe purposes of ceaching,
weewtll ace an English pecmy, a halfdollar, and a
Chinese coin thar is rhe same size as o half dol-
lar, This move haw nor appeared before in prine,
oronany [AD

To begin, hold all dhnoe eens ina stack brewer
the tiga of ther ihe thusab asd fine ewe fin-
pert. The balf dollar is inmercsees, ehe Englih
penny isin the eviddle and the Chinese coin bh
dribermead. Specad them out in w vertical Fo a
thas che half dollar ts ar the eos ana hekl bey the
thumb, the. English penny is in the midulle held
by he fiese ii aa the Chinese coin lean the
borrom of the Ean, held againar the second fim
r iphoto 174). Bring thers over co the palm-up
fe hand Rorane year right-hand. palm down
Lae the righe second finger-to push the Chinese
enim ome the pales at chic hase of abe Ieft- second
finger (pete 175), Renate ihe right fart bnscke
Maar the cakes are ance again hebd vertically,

‘Woke eaiccing a bear, cur vuur right-hand
palm deren mar che te (fingers point
ing hierniana hit che penny against the
Chinese coin (photo 278). Ax vou brin WOUr
right band clown to abe deft, curl che left Fingers
alighily. When the peony hiccthe Chincer coin,
itis oor scen because the curled Angers bile ie
from vige, Thy half dollar is borercecr seen pro
amading at the left sink of the hand

Rome the right-band palm upwards, allen,
the pony ra Gill ral right finger stat
[phate rails The inctiia capil ly ahi wrist
tur helps propel the penny ind fi feng palm,
ani nee emnve, Dp rey aoe feel ps ve peat
the Relig agalewt che cop of the dirse fin-
releasing preasupe-on ny. Whe hall
Wear ie mow seen an che the pom Te andl
First finger, Immediately cur the right-hand
palm down and visibly dhog she half della inter
the left hand, which closet around the eaten ies
a fet. The endl ready is bar all chose eqns are
ecived as being drwpped inne che bef Rane,
perch Eegghiih ei haa been retained en sight
frnget palm.

FINAL THOUGHTS: The action of che right hand
should be smcah, with no besicatken, ‘VWhink
cof the right-hand acrion as-down up, down up.
down, The English ponny is heard, bar mot sec
geing into the col wie the right har guren
up te the peony is clicked! apaiens the Ch

new coin only ibe half aller ecsecn at che right
fingertips, which ecinfyroce the iikasion thas che
penny ‘was left in the hand

THE CLIP STEAL BACK

That move hooks exacaly like whe preoodeng one.
hue che mechanics are differene. f beave be up oo
the weader po choose which mexhoul works (bes
As before, this move will be cought using a half
paint ish penny, and a Chinese coin chaz

samt sine asa hall dodlar. This more
‘oe fle before in pring, orem any LIVE)

‘To stare, all ghace coin are held is a vertical fan
at the right fingertips. However, che half dollar
ian top and euberseng, hela by athe ferar Finger

ant dhe penny. che peren os in che enidithe
held Iby the secomsd finger agains: the Chinese
goin, and che Chines: coln ie-ar the bocoom
anal ineermose, held against the penny with she
churns (photo 178). Mone char chia is che neverce
wf che way the fan is held for che (Tick Steal Back
{note thar che meee can be done with the fan re-
versed, bur irdocen't flow as vecllh, Display these
cone at the fingertips. Curl the righe shire 2nd
fourth Fingers ax you dieplay the coun

tiring the fan ewer eo the palr-up bef hand.
Harage yout right-hand palms down. Release
the Chince oi ance the palm as the baa off
ihe left secenn! finger (photo 178) Rorace he
igh hand back so chat the cole ane once again

(CHAPTER FIVE = FALSE COURTS A USEFUL MOVES 61


id

AUGINSIEIN COIN MAGEE

heli vertically. Wheat eniesing 2 beat, uF
F bythe palais hens Spall at the wrist
ingens inaing dewereard) eo heir whe penny
pa the Chinese coin, As you bring your
nigh hand dewr oo che heft, push che penny
downward with che thumb (phate 280), clip-
ping icbeiicen dae cpr of tac hecond ane ied
(pedo $840) Ac the same time, carl che
ft Fingers shighalky. When the pommy hin she
Chinese coin, it is not seen became the curled
Fingers hide ir fram view, The balf dollar ix born
ever vitthle benworn the dhumls and fiese fenger,

‘Tarn che right-hand palm up ac display the half
doflar, fie aaa ‘ona puinibrye te the imer-
tia oo help whee penny bo fall inco che right band
at the base of ihe fingers. Tun she band pale
down once again codrop the halfdollar taro che
loft: hand, finger palming the penny aa eeu gute
palm deren,

FINAL THOWMGHTS: Although a lie Kaeder, sbie
move has a comple of sulele advartages. First,
eid erie cea oo haem be ge hand complete:
pales dew in order to perhorm. the steal back
ike peti: Seoond end enone imporcounr,
from the clipped ceithMn you con casily trans
fer the penny to clash: palm, which may be im-
portanc for che next part of your rousine.

PURSE-PALM SUBTLETY

| originally published this concealment (ni ny
ace, Colmrenthom Leccure Noaes. “Whe Pusrsc-
Palm Sabelery allows you oo cleanly hide coien im
your ax spon display other coins, without
wee of a ahell dr hack- clip techniger, With chee
technique cose or nsong goin ate hackle in puree
peln (a penition mistakenly created no Charles
Ktarrine ‘with whe mame the Moanin: Corip), cov
ered by ent chat ane openhy dispdayed on che
extended Gingere of aise palma hand.

‘The ides. of covering coins bidden in purse
ienot new: The pocirion inecif was polar red
doribed by Robert Hellix im his rigg noacbook,
Hellis in Wondcrlani, Charles Morrise cd
this display for one of his effects in Modo
Coin Magic, by 1, Bobo. In his eousine, Langer

coind prowkled ewer fie emaller coon Oikos
have used this stranegy. ire Th. Hired
Sorova, Herewer, the cechiniiges anal applications
offered here are new, giving the cos worker 3
Bew way bo conced wold of the sine dize on an

open: palm,

Vahould meraion thar Curtis Kam hava eabeleey
using silecr dollars called Fronr Finger Hideous,
feboat ar in pases ANUS mane, Dhe-
nally, bf unica rong Finger

ts oF pune palmt. fe was taught in his bee
furca bagk im sey arul 2 i Ef aes earhy ict
if his lean meee, awed a on a Lecquee disc
enticed The Milan Collection, discribasted at
the seeond European Cotes Magic Syraposiuna.

The pursespaim position is cay to gee Ineo, To

© a coin inna thi fom, place a balf dal-
Grin the palm band! ar the bow: of chic
ees Lng cn ge Lilt ahe first
ahind Fi ely, aul ly chip chic

“wn sake the wi idles of t fingers
Preet dhe Gngers egainer che sades of che second
Fngers bo aie ae ces (pihetn 183) Some
pretle hare “wimcleras Teeween ike Fangers, lnut
thag will noe impact chit meee. Wi the fingers
evened, ibe oni bi held incabis clipped. pos
Hon, juscander dhe seface oF che fingers.

To perform che Purse-Talm Sabrlery, hide coin

in purse palm in the right hand ax describea
Show four half'dollarsom the palen-ap bele hand.
pory a ie a or de: st the sack
with the palen-dewe right aE
vou righ these tt wi pst che sith
‘3 oo top. Pres the coins aguinsr the sec
finger with che chum (photo 153) Wink
che right boa pales down, carl che fingers and
eelease your thamb, so char che coins are in fim-
gertip-res postion iphoto 184),

Tater band Imup, whichicauses the eine

lina pick ont the base of che sccondl
Eng prot 5) Don't let the enerned
eoin pop ental its eonecalment ¢ ie rep ae
finn, Now, exten dhe righ) fingeri eile wour
ems: slowinwandd. rlghey ‘The coins will abide

down the ae ithe first and chird fingers
scting Idee milroad racks}, cowering the purse-
alae coin (photo 188 abews che coins slid
ing downward to cower the coin In parse palm
With practice, this move can be done ina split
second Ni you can openly dinplay che four
coins on the open right hand,

FINAL THOUGHTS: Scenctiimes when the cadet
glide erry ibe pruric-pa lite cca, they dant
doer dhe cokn coer, pletely, Wath practice char
most likely won't ai 0, bor iPit docs quickly
adjaw the eoies on Tie with she thumb co
eover che col in pure palm. There is uvaallly

asecond or ewe before spectacor perceprion of
what displayed on che hand, so you hare rhe:
rime ro make the adjuerenemt.

‘CHAPTER Fol = FALSE COUNTS & USDRUL Moves

ea

(4 AUBINSTED COIN MADE

FINGERTIP UTILITY SWITCH

Acuiine swach is used when you are moving
a few coiag Free ene hand ta the saber, while
switehing ene bor more) al chem as they change
from hurd co band. The Following mave fics in
with ey philesophy of moving standard moves
coche fingertips, eleminacing ¢ neming acihon
Found! in most mower of chis marure, Ir ariginal-
ly ped in eve Secren Stell notes, green oat

attendees of the New York Coan Magic
Seanimkar in gomng,

Following my une pochnige is Mike Gallo's
wonderiul serien al che same meee, which was
origivally published in Richard's Almanac in
the fine epfiy due. The orginal descriprion wos
a binanckear, hopebally chis writeap provides 3
bit of clariny.

RUBINSTEIN TECHNIQUE

(use ibis cechnigay for when F have non for
three coins} in nay hand and wane te ouch:
one of be coins for a coin bidders bn abe 0
er band. Te begin, display tw bali dolly is
amack on the raande Et fingers of the palmeup
lei sie aoe raise fase oe 1
ard mi ad ra a
alin Finger. ees ween aeerechy iim
righehand fiegerip rest. Place che belt thumbs
ac the edge of tbe eis clocest eo che First finger
anel curn che left-hand palm dlown, pushing the
uppermesc coin over oe the abird Finger ipo
19.287) Immediately bring the hands cogerher
and nann the ahh ap rowiral tao
fingers (amd coin) under the belt it fingers dphets
258), Concinae ro push the appermost exin in

the left hand aa chat be alewps neo dhe eats en
the right hana. Beep the lowered ooie in dhe
left hand pressed againe: ube firs: and second
Fingens- wi aeinerenl hhowe abe right hand co
the right ducing the ran coins. Gurl che right
ree te tossing the coins back ven the

The remaining cudn ia nevairted in

WAT bawe heme exndive ist the left Dhara, 8 ee the
same concent except thar fb push wo coins
down terward abe third finger imtcad of one
codn Jadieweribed here. The cesula bt che same, 10
substieuce ibe coin in che right hand for one of
the coins iin the belt hand.

GALLO TECHNIQUE

Hold three ooins ina vertical fan in eour right
hand, berecen your right thurnh, first and sec-
Bal ae coins Gace thie — The
t ewo ovine bapper coin is
innermwne) oi the firsr finger, anit the anc-
anal feng presics an dhe bognam andl auiper-
migat coin, whach faces ibe aubienee (photo 189),
The lef hand ia. pales pst Yo wath
acon im ingercipercar an. Vie ane

to preterul on place all chee all. three coins bana the let
lise, frut really subsricune abe coin in che belt few
the lowermase coin of the fan in the-right hand

Rotane the right hand se thar che Gore of che
coins are parallel ro she floor (or cable), Turn
~ ti- og Live raral we een the
Enger bo ihe 4 (raking care thar ¢ os
isn't seen), With your right thumb, peak che

two coin item dhe

han! on a
quin at the lele fy farigpee lps fan pa he thind

fhrecrmoar} cain remaing on the right second
Fingercip. Tam year right-kand pals deme ond
curl che fi he enn now ie righe fngercips
Pets Behe hand! recelwes che ceina, place
your feftabambs on thers co hold chem apuinet
your fingers. You can now follow with whacevor
is called fir in your reaniine.

Mike alas can uk dhs with che cot an dhe ta-
ble, The move is basically che same, bet here che
onune are fine gadkerad ina stack, then gesaped
by che tips of rahi fret andl second fingers
on top, thumb on the bogcom, The ekgha hand
indtlally && pales down, holiling whe srack per

pendicular po the rable with the oe point

ing downward and bowom edee of the coins on
ihe able (peso 194) ‘The tale hae acon
in mee ep rene your right-hand palm
apwand, puahing che gop tee coina of the sack
toward fa loft hand with the chum, which
turms pales upreated to ceceive che coins (phot
2527 An efter ihe top pois goin are pushed
este che coin in ehe bele hasd, imelione ly aurn
athe right- palm down, curling in the fin-

pene and cevaining one coin kn fingertip rea.

Mike will aloo da chis move using the spor
padding from the mar ro Geilirace gachering ¢
coins, Hor bogina with che oqing ina vertical row
on the close-up pad. Instead of picking thom wp
rg at atime aml Beldisg thee be se 8
viously described, he prowice on che oilge Shik
coin at che bore of the rerint ithy hei Paik
‘The opposite ide taises a bit, and Mike pores
that con forwanl and on cop of che mea, The
rw cobns are uhen pushed forward and on nog
of the chied coin, garbering chem in a stack. | 4
then picks them: upland proceeds wich the move.

ANGLE-FINGER PALM SWITCH

Ube oniginal seinch wae described as a crameder
berween Angle (2) palm and classic palm. It
appeared on my Encyclopedia of Goin Sleighre
OVD fociginally the Master Coin Technique
Vidkeo sonics from rpigh Ie can seill be pper-
formed wing clasic palm, bur it accom more
practical co wie the ewiech from Finger palm, Ie
i way to pur a Angle @§c2)

im, oie hall iin gee pal

i
dollar amd bold ic bemween tips of che righs

kanal Pick up ameter hall

CHAPTER FIVE + FALSE COUNTS &SERUL MOVES: 65


66 AUOINSTOIN COON MAGIC


™

201

ahurnls andl fies fi (photo 454). In an off
SAOMENT, TEM i: a pals clever, anal
curl the fingers. Balance the half dollar on the
ball of the Rieger and release the aharls
eek 494). Lilt che firse fiewger ard push che

coin righe Ince che crocch of the sbamb where is

in C1 palmed (photo 495). Place the tip
Seceee fe on the finger-palmed coin and

oxen the fit poshing the coin tovarand the
fingertips a ng it against cheea wath the
chunnl (phote 258),

This ewicch jaa very rapid palm meet. again
done on the aftbest. Woon dep te Ape
ic madmed ecin co fe palm oF

e oe chemove, by har | lereing abe coin oop:
ona the hase of the fi ‘Tbe coins arc
raind enough that chey shoulda’: hit cach oe
but as alas, exercise cane when performing

the mew. [i coder: push theenin chat was
in fi Ins gs the Engh hekl boiween
the @ + afl Heat fisrger. {ee Bene

ae a Angle Syst dak berg
ieccar Fingers with beer chaner chee will
sctike cach aber on the transfer,

FINAL THOUGHTS: FF you wank to etart with @
coin in classic palm, 1 just rakey an entra cnep.
Alber vou pick up the coin berwern che cips of
che thamb and firs finger, secretly drop the clare

~palmed othe base of fi
Seabee aatespeslcen oem preoca ala

MULTI-COIN ANGLE-PALM SWITCH

Thal -cvigieally publichedl this cecknkpue ini
rye rll sari aad Advanced Coin nin
Technique, under Rubinarin Ony-Hand Coin
Seed Ac first, | was cog potene ti irtchale ie bene,
because ir isa dilficalr echonque. Harwever, | feel
ire a very useful rood co vafuen needed.
h wasoriginadly described in my book as a one
fneeme awiteh, Iut | feel igs ie is berter whee

CHAPTER FIVE + FALSE COUNTS S-USEFUL MOVES. GT.

exchanging multiple coins because ir és silere amd
quick, You cancuse inno exchange naw for one,
cwe for cow, dherce fie ewe, three fir chree, ete,
For teaehinng pou in wail Ihe clesevabet in thee
coment of a. pen-for-twe switch (English pennies

andl half shollage are bring wed for cfaricy!

‘To begin, conceal reo English bes in righe-
hand angle (EC) pale oa sap ry ed
gle-palining paral ite from ‘The Frere Take po
silencly them in proper posirion. Pick up
ru ball dollars thom the Tinie 8 ish che right
hand, hedding them ina stack at their conser
bewween ibe gigs al che thumbs ged second fins
riphete 287). ‘The hand is pales inward, with
Eee digheh: curled and pointed duwnwardl

Place che dies of your First and chind {imger-
psd aka edges of che coins (phate 15a).

0 en wna senor finger, OEE ihe ender
= pe their face mow resce agains the nail of
the bent sscond finger, Simuttancoady mace
your thurah off dhe coiss iphoto 199) Consin-
Stk ie Geek es aaapends cig
the al eae nme in coy
palm, e slightly lif E iburmbs (emee6 200),
‘The oainy ave acheased From Angle eee od om
he gripped by the edge berecen

ibe intersection berercen thee uy + anal middle
Fe eds 2 finger. W the seoonul
nnice in Angle

pe, extends no
ima, the Ball sos Be againae the nail
move wand io He of the back of the middle
phalanges ef the second finger,

Romect ihe sseond finger, which causre tbe per
nics co be bell agains the palms by che sige of
the second fi Secthe inger retracts, the hall
dollars move forward to once again lie ogaiet
he Hiegcmaal (phete 200) Continuc po retract
the accord Fieger ao chat che free oe of the
half dollars move erownd che second fingertip
to touch che right palm (photo 202) Make sune

6a RURSTEIN COIN Meat

thar they don't touch the edge of the peonice
that were feet pallod eat of Angle (LC) palm

Bring your themb ewer che middle phalange of
the socoed finger eo char che half dollars mere
into the ceooch of che ihambs (photo 203) Press
the coins irae dhe ceooch of che thumbs wich che
second fingertip se chat they are in Age a
palm: Straighten che fingers and place c tip af
your thumb on the peemice to them agains
the fingertips (photo 204). 7 tiem of che
cine is pow reverend — che Eng ice ane
ae your Fingertips, and che half dollars Free your
forggertiqn abe acre ies Angle (UC + pel.

(ANAL THOUGHTS: There js some enovement of
he chomb char can be perceived dharing the
ewinch. This can be hidden ifthe move is pore
formed im the act of closing, che hand inna a lise,
or by diverting attenien eo take abe hear off
ihe hana,

THE SLIDE MOVE.

‘This isa very useful one-hand swinch. Ir was
developed alter wears of just mindleialy paving
around while. ba my hod. Cone clay Tne
alised chat whae [had beer doing io keep my
bands bosy could work as a ool swieck. | arigi+
sully presented te oc che New York Coin Magre
Seminar in soog, amd ia appeared om Volume
Thirteen (Workers Unined! of the New York
Colm Magic Seminar (V0) series in che rou-
sine, The Puree and Glass. It is-used in many of
che routines im chit book and is aha very cauy to
exccute, There ane we phages to ihe mscee, that
1 call che afide-in phase, and the alist Phone,
They can be dene corsecugively i eacgute a
k cain switch, oe you ean pute hetween
ie acu Iv closing ¥ your hind ine a fise after
the om ange ‘The routine you ane doang- will
daceuse which sequence will work bes few ost.

Seihiene Begin with a habfdoflar in fim-

pals portion inthe right bane. Pickup an-
Tchar Rall doblse, holding ic heaveeen the t2ps of
the right churdh, fire amd second fingers, You
arc maw pong ooineak this ean ind che
coin ie finger palm. Extend che disse ewe fine
nl wieh che chil drag che coli cherwers
the fingers coward che buse (photo 206) “Wher
curl ehe fingers and with che chiente rip inser
the coin behind che coin in finger palms (photo
208) This ia che slidke-in phase of the Site Mone


Yoo con new eichor chose your hand ino a fer
and make a magival wave anand che hare ior
comcimue with thse slike cur-phase,

ONE-FINGER VARIATION: ‘Thor: js aleo a cene-fn-
per variation ao the ide-in phase, | wall esse i
wher holding gS cotn ge the tip « of ghe thumb
aril firse fieger, with che oeher fiagers euthed.
Exeend only che fiese fimger, and with dhe dhomb
slide thy coim down po che mitddle phalange of
the firar finger (photo 207). Curl abe first Inger
over the Face wf che coin oo grap the rim, aa if
yer were going co place ir inne [M0 Corp (pbs
208). fmnecdiacely pur che tip of yor thomb
on cop of the coin and presé ff ino the hand
behind abe-coin in finger palm (pheto 208),

‘SUIDEOUT PHASE: The slide<ur phase ix very
aye. All you dois plsee your thumb oe the out=
een coin in finger palm and push ir ow the
af che First bor tirat ania ah ra. The
coin reraine in finger palms. You have pao
eeitched onc coin bar ag ane Noor chat in
addition ao a coin seinch, you cam also wir chis
mote fot a coder charset. ane scerral mau-
tines int the bewk that etilize the move in chi
away, The mone works begter wich worn or “sole
euien, Iecause the Gres ate smooch andl cerapes
a minimus of noise wher sibbed agains each
ober. You con verulely use coins shar ore nor
woos, baw greaner care maxot be taken when exc-
curing the mvc to misimine any molse.

FINAL THOUGHTS: If you are puting @ coin be
Bind 2 wack wh oobi, che igeck may a
chsh en ea phase) Simoc the banal is

prety much clad, poucen ic cour them aed
fingers tualign the stack wwithenat anv aliseernible
aap moveront. In onder co minima mee

pend any tirecrnctd dl tbe agack clarin,

ag din ipean help oe warn Taayhiad
oie deca ed oak the ourereneds coin chown
ward co the cip-of che Eirer finger, before muaming
ean aed back gp endive the Geta

Finally, chis mowe cam be used ley executed ae
ou chon the hared iowa fist, brrisaging fe ups
your moush eo blew oo abe cain, ar jusr waving
the cain back and feel,

CHAPTER FIVE * FALSE COUNTS © LSEPUL MOWES.


7) RUBINSTEIN CONN RMI

CROSSED ARMS SUBTLETY

‘Tht iva subshery chat | asc to make a onan, vaie-
ish inane hare, while doing a palm trarafer: in
the etiser. Forihe purposes oF explanarion, | will
desctihe f with a iransler of a coer no Nerwhere
palin. eis used in eeverad reacines in chis bowk.

Perform a Retention Pas. from your right hand
ineo your left. The coin is recained im the ri
band on che rips of abe fingers (the second Fin-
gonip for che Viriarion Reromion fam, the seoc-
ood and third Fingertips for the Roth Rereneion
Pie) Cn yowr arms, | mered ety right arm un
der my left, om provide addition cower for ube
figha-hand movement, As ibe arms cro, the
righ chumlh mics the oois fiesta finger palin.
Gracp the af dhe coin closest co che. firir
Finger with tise chub and lever it upward amd
over co che third finger. Curl che third finger no
and surround the cim of che coin. hore
the chumahioff che oan, which pies be eae tne
Nowhere palm, beld by the cuted third Finges,
The arm crosing crocs ai misdeneetion, with
the bigger action of crossing the arma hiding che
smalle: action af the cight-hand fi Tee
mene, Hub: the shusmbe of Ich bands againer
the eiptk of ithe fingers i a crumblieg mexaieen.
Finich by enerocsiing your arens, opening Exh
hands wo shin chat they are complercly empey
teoin in right-hand Nowhere palm is hidden by
the curled third finger and can't be seen}

THE RUBINSTEIN SUBTLETY
‘This is a wubtlegy chat iy used to comecal ome oF

mice qoins inthe act of teming a edén from one
thasd pa the oeher, be haa a simélar fel pe the
While (tormenly Kage) Subelery, but wish: sew-
eral advantages uhat arc cualined in che FINAL
THOUGHTS section, To begin, hold a silver coin
in fingertip vest in the palmedown right hand.

Thaplay o rooinon che cxrended hingers od
athe Drea eft hare Begin co-rarn your right-
hans paler ed with fengers extended to-tbe
dels, Jusr before yom begin ao ratane your hand,

bend in the-right firgersa bit more and tranaler
ghe wher ents co Chomb palis: (presto 200). [eis
aur Phumds gale the aicle oF yanir haere pv a bee
edge of the silver codn can’, be seen ander she
chun, fie gure nos no cumeyour had compere

br pales ep, os there: te a danger shar the coin in
chums palin becomes visible.

Aa rotaee your right band yard, nem
your kfichand pam bial an avis copper
coin onbogke right Angers (pheia 224). [mmedi-
ately revere the accion, Paming tie right-harsd
falta down and abe left-hand palm uj, tom
ing che copper coin back once the left Fingers,
‘This actien gives the imyresson tha the right
hand beempey. Ghee the cossing ls dope, he-cil:
ver coin-can be cransferred from thumb jpabm
te Renee rest, finger palm, oc wherever ie is
fo

or the nese port of your noucine.

Fwant poemphasine thar hiding a coin in chundh
palin is SOT whae [call the Rubdeurrin Subslery,
fr in dee procces of transferring one, ar rtualtiphe
coin, in ard cur aF chueh palm asa tow a
coin freer hand na hand


You can ever use die a a awiock. Por lack of a
beeper same, | fest cull de ahe Tour Toss Saeinch
(chum palm ouck To perform che more, coas
the copper coin emoo the righe fingers as before,
hiding whe diver coin in thuenh palrs waing the
Robinuecin Subtlery. Instead of towing the op
per coin back inte che lef when you cure ever
the right hand, his tinse reezin che copper coun
i Rage pe and oie the ailver coin fren
# p pales (photo 222) Close uhe left honed
aor dhe coin ap ghar de canic be seen wipe
the fier a couple of times, iben open ir co

the change. The move is very effective since the
bunds are perceived oo be emypey excepe for che
copper coin. fou can follow by casing the silerr
coin back inew the right hand, chum palsi
the copper coin aa the right hard. curna ugrean
and using che Rubinsecin Subslery ain ao shar
oeily the eilver enin is ng supers in che Pearncks.

FINAL THOUGHTS: foah che Malini Subvlery ane
the Rdkinvrin Subelery con be used io code coans
berween dhe hands, withour che palmed coinls)
being seern. Heorwever, thax is where the simibaricy

as chere are several major differences be~
ween abe wo, With che Malini Sebniery, chore is
asmall crimp in the hand that pepe wher cla
sic palming a coin. This booomed mone olnions
when the Bund is open with finger catcedded, fe
oeiber 1m goss a owin Fron-one hard qx ghee acher,
‘There tone such crinap when che eoin is hidden
in churwh palms, as with rhe Retinewin Subelery
With the Malini Seibrlery,, the ool be already in
classe palm. Wish ihe Rubber Subalery, che
coin scars in finger palm of fingertip rest, ana
ft crancferred in and our of thumb palm during
the moe. Thar gives o becore impression of am
empey hand

‘The Rubininrin Subelory can also be dane with 4
small sack of qwew, dhage, or fer cain beld iin
finger palm {The Malini Subeley ix reene effec
aveakes there are fewer enien held im classic

Im). The scdiom is the same, bending in che
Bea and clipping all dhe coins against the side
of whe hhund with the chumb as yo mer your
hand upward. The amount of coir ix limiged no
how mare yor cam bold im chumnbs. witha
having chem scen under abe thumb. Barber hall
dollars and che older King George or Charen
Vienoria pentics are thinner, ard more can be

hidden in chundh palm without degction.

CHAPTOA FvE = FALSE COUNTS & USEFUL MOVES:

Inonder toneturna stack of colina to
alter being held in chum
following: Turn the right hand hack down al-

palm
palm, per! ihe

ferabe bow. Bead che sooond eget inward asd
telpaie dhe gti with dhe dheemb, The osine fall
ailenely onto the finge? and can he immicdiarely
Finger palreeal

Finally, che Dlatied Subelery was lmeproperty cred=
fred no Fred Kaps th association, although
Kapa himself never claimed credit for che
sition. In Specracke, Secphen Minch notes ike
Kaps was Gretahown Malinas subthory by Larry
Jennings ard Dai Vernon,

Th.

The best way for me to practice is
to film and watch myself perform,
This way [ see myselfas a spectator
would see me, and find flaws in

my performance that | would

otherwise miss.
“fir, Michael Arabinaterr


Chapter SIX
STEALTH PALM

your handi pales up eo che audience, showing them on be complerely empety = = per Fou can

“canceal ane og pict colne in Seealch palm. I originally appeared on Volumes fi ight, ieee,

anil Fen tee New York Colm veg Seni th series, bur alsa saw prior im Magir Magaalme,

Angles are bes if you peiform sunding co people who are siting down, You can also perfosen Gor a

sanding audience, ifpou pay awirencion po che sightlincs from ibcis cyex oo your haruls, [Fahey are chow

ta beck down om your hand they will sec the coin. WP they are harber away, the coin will be
hidden. Mace on angles laccr.

am Law inodeer this penccaleens io he magic comneanicy. it isa grip char allows you oo
EE

GETTING INTO STEALTH PALM

palace rand the etn cry cera
rst the palm aril, ar the a
the chin di erate inst aber chird
finger weit he wash and clip thee of the
coin between the scoond! finger anal fnureh fe:

like a puree palm, ai in phote 213), Release
the utah Lower the chénd finger a bir tan chat
the emin rec longer eearsom it) arid bscrsl ia elight-
lye prowling the aide of ghee Gngercips against the
ide of the second finger. Keeping ihe first and
weorel fingers ee , brace the fourth diss:
per. which viles the coin eo thar thes Destin,
apabner che stideof che dourch finger is below whe
level of che exnended fiver ond second fimgens,
The epposice ope of the ooin ix pressed againos
the side of the ooh finger. The coin ts mow


7% RUBINSTEIN CON MAGIC

fn stcalik-palns posicior (photo 24}, Mone char
there is a a al marion becween the foun
finger and the side of the third Finger, with
the codn held Iherween them. The separacion is
greater with a bigger coin. and smaller wich o
smaller coin (liler a quarter

(MOTE: fe will be a lite diffieule ar frat fo mane
your shind and fourch finger ineo proper posi.
Hon te reecive the coin withous ala bend:
the first und second fi fear there in |
way co praccice and build up flextibiliey of the
fingers. Turn your right-hand palm down and,
press it on the cable, with all the fingers. ex-
vended sogether so their sidci are powching.
Now, pull back the abird and foertdh fingers
keeping the rapa on the table (phew 205). Ths
fot mauve che fine anal secanl fingers, keep
ber cxcended (ehis eequines some practice ay
hull ep: che exusches in che fingers, sx the nase:
ral pel pel is co cual these fingers). Wish your
fiegers iin chia postion, oom che bund ever.
Keep the palm open and do not change the poe
dition of the fingers! The first reo Pract are
self excemded, amd che chird anal fourth fingers
ane scill curled (photo 246).

METHOD THe “This te ale weary Ernst fr by
get the ouin tnver Stealth bale ‘The eolanr held
ot che palm-up right hued, fering on hag [sari
of the extended cocomd Finger, Clip ae edge of
the coin chewest to whee third Eager berereent the
sides of che third and second finger andi allow ir
to flip over the dhind finger (like w coils roll, as
bn pote 217). EF ic =, you can ust che thumb

i ofa ames it over
and facilitae che mavec, Caras te oy ec
with ibe fourgh Anger fe the ale is ret Bal iby
the cdges beruwert the sided of the encomd, amd
Ponting ni Lower the shard Fieger a a hie free
the evin = etna br slightly, pressing the side of
the fingertip agalee ahe side of the sevonad frn-
ger. Recping Birst and secomd fingers cacend-
ed, mowe che fourth finger downward, which
thes the coin so char che edge resving against the
side of the fourth Finger is below the bevel of the

fins and second fingers. The opposise

side of the coin is pocesed againes che side of the
sccomd finger, ‘The coin is new in Secalch palm,
sand ube hind appeanv open: and carp

THE STEALTH-PALM
DISPLAY POSITION

With che coin in right-hand Sacalgh palm, you
con dispaay your hand palm eq ane it books
epee bat (photo DAS Your finger
bopaint sn che aecestins "a right ade (or oc
the wp hari left side iP che een isan ef-hand
ocalth palin. IP wour fingers pinned coe
outward, the coin weld be seen. The hai
held a hig abewe wale level The oaher band fs
ales diqglayed palm up ated imines che finger
pesizion of the right hand, co show bech hands
empry, However, if someone it booking down
fene rour hand, the codn can be wer Sighitinies
ure important. ‘the rule of thumb is thar the
cowerage you get from che fi Rogers
proportional to the disanoe from the apectaror
The closer chey are ioyour hare, the geeaver che
rink that they can look down inee your hand. bf
yora fel ghin ie a problem, sen can change che
sightline by raising your Burads (as high as chest
lewel iF nended)

With your hands tn frealnh je sraohera
either show your hands to be empry, or display
acoin an che ips of ghee cencoded odie anul sev
ondl fingers (phat 210). [e looks Tike chor brand a6
empty excep far this coin (phote 220)

ineoracly

Ome or more cogins ean be bel eoeceabed in
Srealih-Pulm Diselay, with whe hanel[s) appear
ing completely exnpey. This concealment cam
be with cpagccers, halves, or collars. bt is
beau used for 4 seal eroup of people cue co bad
angles oa your beft (iF che com i in right-hand
Seealch palm. This palm can be used for oe

hes, transposiaions, ands 4

from und inte fingertip nest, fimger palm, [Me

CHAPTER $40 = STEACTH PALA

Grip, Newhert palm, chur palm and classic
salm, WF yeu use ald warn « (useh as Bar.
pcr ball dollars), more coon can be comioeeahly
held js Stealih pales beraise they are chinner

than the Kennedy ball dollars,

Nove thar one mighe think hac chis is just an-
other way co bold a coin in a purec-palm-like
position, using the last three fingers and eat che
hirer three fingers. However, there anc marty lal
fererecs, Frres, the position of the coin is aa the
apposite part of che hace, Serene, the fingers
ane not parceneyl jesgethecr ax avieh pute palis. The
forarth finger it separaned Fem pest of he
harul and met on the seme plane Finally wish o
éoin in Steal palen, dhe pal up hand appeart
enpey. You canner show the hand vo be ompay
wil ikke oath in purse palm. wakes it ix covered
by another cole The purse palm isa pabm-down
diiglay tora pabmewp diuplay when covered
bey otter coins), the Sealth paler is a palen-ep
ihieplay. with no cover needed, Miothads fo get
inno che posicioge are alifferone a well, Ie iv an
ontinehy new woncealment that-allows a clean,
compey hook vith srs quer, plins-anpe display,

7

76

AUDINSTEIN Of0N MAGIC

STEALTH-REST POSITION

‘Thit is the way you meed ao curn your hand over
baci id ayo ent palm. Start by
nun in Secale int ition, rr
cy eu a hand over, ttl re pai ane
hse feat fe f bey pressing in agaiens thee siche
of ube whird fe ms einalrgthe weed Cork
tip of the fourth fieger around che coin oo hod
fr in place (photo 220 shows anc view),
The coin remains in a cype of kro repalm,
held i dernofend tint set Sank fing TE. _
eed aE oote [a wit
the fiureh bred a Lei the sccond and
thisd or just the chied fenger), ancl sill has che
eoge pected againee the side of the second fin-
fer. This ponition allawai visa fo barn Wour harul
with a cein is Srealsh pales fro pales ay, te
posh if chis wasn't done, the coin would
seen in the space becween ube third and
fourth finger when vou cum the hand over,

OPyea wae co cur che hand back up and re=
var tbe enim oo Sacalah palm, just pres. che
enin againet the base of the ahird Finger wich
ibe dhrums anal regrasp the odge of he coin wich
abe foarh finger ai yet turn the hare palm up.
JAsaoem at you grasp the edge of che eoan with
abe foul hnger vee on eee dhe kum off
the cotn.

STEALTH TOSS

With a coin bidden in Seealch palin, you can
toss a colm from one hand co another in ewo
different ways. Saant oath a silver half dollar in
right-hand Spealth palm, anal a  Exnglich
penny im Stoalh-Piatm Bs wich the coin on
the cept of che cxrended fire and wccomd fingers
(as. ins pion 220),

(OPTION ONE: Ef yea want comes the capper enim
an che fi hei bes had, Ther vor
water lriskhy alwut nbasey degrees. The freee of
rotating your write els the wodn. co the left,
anco the extendes| Fingers of the palresugs belt
‘hand (photo 222). LF you nom your hand more
than ninery degrees, you run che risk of expos
ing the ooim in Secalth palm (which doesn't
move from ics position) chrouph che winder
your third amd fourth tigers.


You can cos: che cubn back ie che same way, a
thar it winds up back an abe excended righ
fret and second fiegers. Take core thar che coin
iloeore slide once che Stealth-palned coin, ae
thar weald give away the stealth pasicion. [fy
don't foel comfonabte towing she
fuse corn your left hand ever anil place che
on che right fiz asx second fingers

OPTION TW: You can aho-cow che sther colm
From Stes jpalen inen che left hued inorder no
change che copper to silver. Mace your thumb
on abs © cain. Turn your right-hand palo
bowen aa release che crip of your fourdh finger
oe the edge of the coin. Ac the waime time, carn
the leftdund pub ap te reeciee che ecin, The
Bete artawaheeieeir Read oper pe els abe exits
our of Snealth palm (phete 223). (ler your left
hand around the coin, At chin point you can just
wigete the far chen open it to thew the char
onopen vour bund to cose it back onto the © il
fingees. In this case vow need eo par ihe copper
ine Secaleh palm, Fighs after you goes rhe
silver coin inew ahe felt hand. Righe after che
fi, move ike copper coin wish your thumb
to the base of your second Finger and put the
coin iete Scealch palm using the socomd methind
fisted, or jut drag che coin right dawn po dhe
base of the third Finger and use the fess ecch-
oak. Eicher one will work well, ond che choser is
your preference, Chece in penition, vou can toss
te dlier eck, froes dhe left hae beech aire che
palm up extembcd right i aed ascond himn-
gent Gor just place ic cherch You have juar ac
cemptithel a coin change with borh hands seen
empey, exces for abe enen on digplay

FINAL THOUGHTS: Une of Seealch palm ina very
elective way to allow your hands co appear
empay. ‘There are several routines in the bode
that use ikis concealment, | am sure vou can
find many osher werd aawelll

CHAFTER S14 © STEALTIN PALA

tr


Lam nota fan ofhand
washing coin maneuvers.
I washed my hands of
them along time ago.

“re Withee! Aishsnatery


Chapter SEVEN
ADDITIONAL TECHNIQUES

MATTING

‘This is a technique developed ins the early 1qdo's, chat | yur to complecely vanieh ene or mare cerina, bt
is utilized when sending up atu rable, in ander to secretly hide coins ander your choae-up mar. For me
it works bevrer chan dkeeving or using a Topit, as | offen wuck without 2 jacket and in shore sleeves,
ecies helped me win first prize in Clostup Maggie af the Internal Magi Convenabon in

Tedbys tn yy. tous Ee on oy ei Knogkeur Coin Magic Video seq and wor
a ans or Creasiviny ag che gts MALES, Comwension.

En oedder co erty this tocknique, vou will eed ot hease a close-up: Sor el poyeensenieais seen
hteclath, pt ase mrrn tn aie method a any cine, wit bomat
worrying ligy aba there willl be S eeete aire Witheura tablecloth, a cain
might make a medur as erock under the chowt-up mar. Having two mace sound! cumbecrporcs:, baa
the endl efficy fs. thu ir looks file pou are performing on a stage and comes off as hacking rather ebagant,

‘he colors of che mars being used are imporuent. Chee evar it lange and black (use dhe icy" lange
size). The second mat is smal array pie arama eal eal the fereq maar.
The ved area defines: your porformin; andl orally agands our agsinse the bleck background. The
black pod books j a hag caret relent pee och tpg forming needs.
Dftyou are rabbe ing and do noe have a lor of space om the table, then you will need smaller mars.
[yon are performing in a show-rope sieustion, larger ears ane just fine. You cam even car she mats 1
the vine you needs The Mack pad should be soft and chick enough eo have alo Thar will add im
gevting the cain under the mar, Although neq necessary, che larger black mac can be acachod to a bard
i nel plese wend com po raich the se of che wnat; The prc’ of hah a hard urce af ht

iia pou can hide several coins ender the mat, and chen pick up your stage no walk away wit hemat
nrcdlingg ex first retrieve the gales.


30 RUBENSTEIN COUN MEAGIC


Laaaky, there mewds no be a black barber azounel
he periphery of the ned mae of aac co thine:
inches. This it woe yer will hz che ter pets
fora the marting move. ‘the black border on
ihe tiles of che red eae chould aloo be of the
same whith, Wf ake bueders don’: look even, ir
swill look sesptchous (pote 224),

The manting move bach an technique,
anal boy language. The move willl bo camghe in
ibe concer thonming a vamich, Preicnad co
lace a halFsbollar Frees che right haced iso bee
fe but reeain it in right-hand fingertip rest Al>
ter the fale cramer, VE estntal tos te

Newer calge oF the pel mae. You should be srand-
ingeas the table so thar when your hand reaches.
the edge off the fed enue, your arm iain a neleued
and natural diteance from your body (photo
225). IF vou are coo Far away bron the rable, the
arm will book sarceched, and if yom ane woo choog
to che rable your arm will book cramped,

Aa you lower voter hard co the cable, conch ofse
olge of the coin clears oo the fingereips-with
the thumbs (prota 226) (rasp the sides of ibe:
gois with dhe fie and foonk Engercips and
tevelve che coin around che fingertips (photo
2277 so i is pressed apaimer che nails of che wec
end and third fingers. and pull the chumb back

ro the edge of the coin ar che fingertips ipod.
228). [ ca chia poricion.somt back-palm. Touch
of ibe coin ce the border of

abe ier
ithe al fear a

pest your kewackhex aon ghee erat

(photo 2290. In thik penition the qin can't be
inert ase! di neaddy te ber intent uiidler abe ear
(phete 230),

le onder the cols cinder che red mar, yi

need touce body language. [you move forward,
your hurd should move ferward, keeping, ibe
same. rllaed disance between your arm
your body. As you move forward, you car push
ibe codin under the mat with pour chun (phate
20). You can also torn year body te ehe deb.
‘Your hand will abo move, and pou can mat ibe
coin, The move is nat-ceageeratesd, dr iy actal-
dv a very sinall mice, mike by the movertiont
af the basly, I acklition #0 dizeeelng arteenion
away from the hase bry moving your body, you
ean goinure with your felt hand, anor look
at vour speceion, They will parurally revarn
your gare Do NOT look ac your own hand as
yeu mar che ooin. Thar would bring wnnecceury
and unwanted uccention to the hand. Lift your

CHAPTER SEVEN + ADOITIDMAL TECHHIQUES Bi

haved off che table or away from: the aber
you mat dhe coin, Yo do mor wane the hand co
nest there any longer chan nevestary,

When you mar che coin, any minor mewement
ef che mag intel Fis maaked by wour hand, somne-
times the coin decen' eo BH the way under=
math che mat. This dere so impoceanc, beeseiie
ake beeight of che niet maka ar itaptin Pal
ahe edge of ube coan chat might still be sricking:
eet, Asa rule of chumb, che fimcher away she
audience 1 from vour performing surtace, tie
Jess impommant it és to gee che coin alll rhe way
emer the mac. Whe chosee they are, it become
more important te ger ae much af the coin an
dorecath the mat as pesible, Onec yo howe
manted 2 coin vou can itundermcath coon
furcher by snerveng pour palm dewert hand acrean
ahe euhge of the mar ae yous Bury foie beste bo
ahe right or left. Ler your thundh hit che edge
od che coan sticking our anid push bt alll the way
emierneath.

1 usually mar the com at the right or belt sidke
dwhere my hands would naturally nest om the
surface), andonly wer the cenber iF Pam emay-
fing mone chan ane ofin, Tou can retricee dhe
coin by packiog wp the bower aides of yerar mar
ao adjust ir amd seealimg back che cern with
your Fnigers ducing thix movement. Cr, a yen
SEL a hurd suche to the lewer mar, you
eam just pick up che saage ar che end of your cen
and walk away, Lasely, you can even roll up your
mack keeping che coins im che roll, Make sare
ear to tile che rolled-up mars as ir is still possi

ble Bor coime oo fall out of the roll,


82 AUBINSTEIN COIN MWGet

POCKET MANAGEMENT

There are many times that you aged to po knee
a-crveded packet and fied somerhieg racher
apidckhy, Choer rinse, | hoard chat | needed same
eype of hedder or clip chat weld glkrar mae to
immediaely graba coin withour having po feel
wound of accidentally calor che wrong coin,
Thar |s here | came up wich che Pooker Manager:
fr i. noc a new idea, ant chere are many ped
nepesof coin holders char stach in your pocken
thar are described in che literarure or available
summencialle, However, this in avery unsophis-
ticated holder thar you cas make up very quick-
ly and it will Laie 2 hong seme,

The Parker Mawiger conaises of oweray-sin canbe,
held tegether as a block. En che eenter oF the
block is a araugh, where colen will be placed
‘You cam make the crough with a dorabte cloch
material, oc ina pinch, wich a playing. cand
Both methods are described

Using Cigthe Thos of ghe cards are connected
slong theer kong side wish a lisele pico of cloch,
each long side of the cloch ilengh the samne as
the eaed, abet see inch wide) cape po the long
shile of cach card (photo 232). The eunevtal f wic
comes from the small eyeglass cleaning ¢lach,
char is provided by Oprical spores when. wou fet
disse: of aungiaaes. After you wpe the cloth
perween them, pur the cards togeter and puch
the cloth berecen the cards co creane a packer
of abeat one half of an inch. You can make che
treagh decper if yes nood an, for coins char ame
lager chan a hal dollar. Place ewelve cards on
bem, arul tvecher cares belinw, Square gisem upand
tape all che gan eogecher by way penig the tape
Fe aqgund che pi ahong their lengik. What
you justmade is a bohder for che coin thar fire
petbecaly insovear jacker packers (photo 233)

Uaing a Playing Card: 1! you don't have the cloah
hardy, you can male che seme holder uakng pet
a playing card instead of the cloth. Fodd a card
in hal? fomethurise then fold each vide down
abous halfaax, as iF you were making a paper
aisplanc (photo 234). Reinforce cach fold with
tape. Stick acand ingoeach side fold sa ie is flush
with the napenk che hold, absent cape aber im place
(photo 338). Aa before, square H since and rape
all the cards ther by wrapping ihe tape all
niall die cea clon dhcl lerngeh. These holil-
efs abe perhoce oo place into jacked packets


CHAPTER SEVEN © ADDITIONAL TECNHIQUES 33


For me, humor is the best way

to keep your audience involved.

The more they laugh. the more

they become invested in your act.
‘Dr, Michel Rubinstein



Keep your movements natural
and slow, and the magie will
always flow. Ifyou hesitate
while moving fast, the illusion
of magic just won t last.

Dr, Michael! Risbinitein


Chapter EIGHT
COPPER-SILVER

THE PURSE AND THE GLASS

This is my srandap version of David Roth's Pore and (lac remtine. | have always loved David's rearine,
asin iseery vival, amd a maancrpico: of comngeuction. 1 is also w yditfteule ard eeedks po be performed
while sitting ata cable, Ip mok ee yeantie fipare cut a way to pertoren this sramding up, and ér all came
together wish he devclapmicne of teow cuential components of chit effect = che Mowe anal use of
the Rubinstein Ragtle Puree, This renting ian homage wo my friend, Davhd Roch, who creaned che
plot. Ernst appeared in goog on Volume Thirteen of che New York Colm Magic Seminar DVT series,

Haim b to paesena chis efleet io you. Although the paricr is ceientially Davids (who haa gencteandy
silat eae aoe (efor chs routine over che wearsh. che ncer of che reusine ix unique in commamaction.

PREPARATION: in onder to perform this routine, you will need three worn (aok") copper coins (L use
Chacen Victoria Emgti¢h pennies, a King George pennies can sho work quite welll, and ahve
worn (sale) Barber hal dollars In addition to the goed conarac in color berween che ooins, the
smoochnges of the worm eine allows fir eery tale noice when chey are nabbed regether. Ccher coins
can be used, bat encater care will be needed ne preven modse-ar cercain parrs of the rourime. The shroe

coon Followed ber abe ahree silver coiee are prac inoo.a nod fied Goshman-sryle purse (called che
Rahinstcin Raiale Purse} price to che hegerning of the cick. This is a gimmicked coin purse with ewe
coins sewn inoa che lining, Wy jose shaking she purse, the sound From the coins clinking against cach
other create the Hhiston shar there ane coins inside even chough che parse remy. Vow Gen at
this purse to produce eat yaad sche wnat ile stipically travel nc ot the pene, and moe:
The eifeees thar can be done with it ane limited only by your imagination.

The purse bs fined with fabric on che inside. Two half dollars are sewn in berweren the brlag ed che
leather wall.on one side. They ane noe visible ard de noc interlere with any use of the ruc wher
the pure: la empey, held bre the claen ard wheak, there will he a note char sours like coins ane in che
purke. This noise is Important forthe polformance of the celck. Now, ete crick can be done wicket
aracche purse, but the ihesen of mois: erakes the erick becoer, [you den's have a racele purse, con's
despair, The rooting ean be done with a rants ginwmick up your +! which would do peeoy mach
the sine thing. The reentine cars alun he dese winbear the racile gimmicks, bur nodse-really helps na aoe
the routines, aed ley use ahould be encouraged.

A RUBINSTEIN COIN Magic

You wall dhe mec a emall Rocks plac. Mace whe
frame of the purse into the placa, and you are
ready eo begin,

PERFORMANCE: fury, *Wiruld pou [ibe me atta eer
tory? A real, honesr eo goede mymory? Dam going
wakes you a mystery, with a purer, dela 4

Bring ear the glass with the grovee bradile aed
place in aa che cenaer of vor cable. Tale oor dhe
quirse andl shake i with pour right band, and
‘with che cahver hued, lift fatal poien che
mourh coward the wadience, showing, the glass
to be empre

Say, “The prec connrins coins in dt, elie ebe pha
dpempry. Lee mr shew you whar | have im che purse,
There are six eeins, and although vhey are Rand ao
ary, there are eupper, ancl shinee ane ailger,”

As you say abris che puree ud fires chow
the six cles foeide hea "Thbe cai ta coins
with your left hand, close che puree, and pur it
down to che righrof the gloss, pe the coins
inva and silver, haldii copper wish
jpour right hand, sibver-with jour heft. Fars ther
towand ahe audience fora moment, then place
“ twins onge the veceteeat the Pa

Sapper Gains arc at right of aie prurse
and glass, the silver coin are ina row on elie bel
photo 236). Nese char if you have speceacons an
euber deaf yin, yan can hand che evins car eo
be examined. | pay, “Whack ‘em our, check
‘om eur’, chen a second Laer {said bemorously),
“Giloe tem back, ioe ‘oom back"

After the goin are examined, proceed 1 pur
thers hack inn ree rows ae poorowtly de-
serie, Lift the por cuin with
your right, the silver coin wih veer left, show
thee laeex tar your audicnes, anid 4, “Thane y
copper, alter..*

Pat chem down and eepear chix with the neiddle
cvien. Them pur dhose down and repeat the action
with che mea lowermost come Cornel mise Oh way,

“Capper, saiter, copper, silver, 2 purse, and a plas”

(Geanune coward the purse and che ghiss as you.
say this, Consinue, “Now the reason | use the ghee
it po that you won't ache eeprhing amaning nar

ill nell yo RAGHT NHAC coer xingle rime nar f

ends inpathe sores Ring devi
sy Sten veggie arr ea
before! Bae bey, don’t nuke avy werd for i, ir's
thom neo he glass, and something amazing is goin

ing this last sentener. seoop ep all the silver
Soins with ehe tele hard, anil Sy hem inesite
Siew ostinees “Hut ie only Jor che coder in
plow, [NEVER monks jor the coins in she puree,
Aloe! cant nay acne weirs arf pur ufiems trai, You
can HEAR ehemy insiae, ber ohar’s HOE dimrtarriy,”

During chis seazemenr you are going co periomm
the fellowin fick up che purse with che right
hans crm irpo tbe left, onal open ic. Pick up
the three copper coins with the right hand and
i wid the tips of she
thumi and firs owe fingers, fi ir
tar the Left. Pretenal te alewg afl ches cots inte
the pene ue retains then is che aight uiitg 2
alight warigtion od my Rall Dae Rleneeeie Pig
from Chapeer Taw at Follows Bring. the werti-
cal fan ower oo che img of che puree. Ture
your palm downoniitl bi oeder co pur che colms
inside che puree, wt cher same time hiccing che
right side af ther opening with the bor
com coin ofthe fan and rolling che fan closed,
Messe panty obi retdy apres
vall irina a : the coins deeper inca.
fight fingers, Curl veur accued linger, halanc~
ing che quinn ina Lngertip-ees pasion, and
rentigee your kara Fem the pure (photo 238),
Iemedisacly close the with your left ham,
aid dhake at from whe < eo thar le seems the
soins were diemped ino the purse. As yeu shake
he purse, secrecly push che coins ie the hand
cr finger palm. Tramfer che wo che right
band and place it back ono the rable,

| can't begin co oll you how imperant the
sound ia at sclling abis move, The False place-
meet comnbined with che eeier from che pacer

CHAPTER EIGHT = COPPER-SILWER 89

ger tbe: perfoce allusion. Conaivuc io say, “Bae
Pur coins inna che eles, anal binge te Soenat
again ger Ae sheet sole cod.

Pick up che gles with che right hand amd ross
abe coms from the plas inoo abe belt hand
Mace them back ingo a vertical raw an the loft
side of che rable as before. Transfer the glase
from che right hand so che belt and put shoe glass
hack down in irs spat. Pick upche purse by the
= with the right hard sal shale ig, ying
rit Copper atin, a pane (yearare avesun i
fame wich abe daft Band), and a glass (pesaure: to
seamed die glen), and at firaie bolt off maggie welled Looks
sevwverloing like el"

Pur down the purse in ics spor to che right of abe
glass. Pick up a silver onin with che left hand,
ae se ieee thumb, frret aed. aee-

i the caght, Say, “Gre cain pect rene
dichand.”

“Yani are mow) going eo-cxreune the alide-in phase
al ihe Side Mfowe from Chapeer Five, described
brielly at follows: Extend ehe firer wo fingers,
and with che chumb crag the cole down the
n a eward the bao. Then cul ibe fingers

with che chunsh cip insert che cain behind

be seack, Continue to clodie the hand ineo-a
fis. Pick up che remaining silver coana with abe
deft hard and drop ahem imeo the plas. Sax,“
and son gv inte che Thane 's he angel few scarine
ahing amcing ne Appen, and sure ough, hae
coin changer Ur becomes a copper eoin. New ra's
ake copper cont char came our of the purse, while ihe
dilbes dine fits: gure FATTY ele pase, the coder ave
changing plas”

Aa pou say chit, make a magical gectuee around
the right hand with the belt, then exeruse. be
lide-put- phase of the Sfide Moor, Pual he ome

ermost copper coin co che rips af the fine and
scoond fingertips wich the right ahamb up they
can see that the siterr coin -has become capper.

‘Turn your cighe-hand palm dewn and grap the
Fr na rie wah she tapes or the pales
hele hush, fre: and fiegers. “Turn abe
left-hind palen dlevwn oo shone the osher silk of
the coin and cum the right hand slightly up
ward coseeuke the coin bh the righe Rega ips
and ehumnls (rimking sure cher che smack den't cx
posed). Take the silver coles out of the cupwith
the left hand, display therm ina fen peward abe
sudience, and as you Finish by saving, “the oie
save changing places * slowly crow the hands and
dieplay the coins ws thar che silver coana ane new
oe the right side, abe cx cccvinh ia excrne apat a bee
hele sidhe, Raseorae this table che copper coun
fo the right. Say, “PTT ade ray agente flor pou."

‘Take che secand ster coin ous of the lett wich
the tight thumbs and first co Fingertips amd
perform the slide-in phase of the Side Aloe, so
that ibe sibeer cain goes behind the scack in abe
right hand.as vou close the hand ince a fist, Drege
the remaining coin inse che glass. Say, “Che coin
goer inte obe fund, ane one goct inte rhe plat Thas's
the eignad fiw somephing amearcinag A sind seo
oroegh ify pain changes, bonemting a: capper node
Oner again, hace the copper cola ehar'y come dear
of che purse, hil rhe aifver coi han gore ino the
port, bt hefire obs cote ane changing places.”

After you drop the coln inva che glass, malo a
eugical gesture over the right hard with the
felt, then open the right hand av before, per
forming the Wlide-our phase of the Hide Mop
no push che ouncrmany rcpan eo the right
thumb, firs, and sccond fingertips, Tarn the
coin corr bein the finger af hath heartife ae
bgleeny, puting if back this dhe right hand

80 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAdIC

Take the silver coin our of the glass with the
left hand, display ic to abe audience. chen shady
one the hands showing the copper ooinom the
left, the steer cofn on the ci he Pas before. the
ootred ane ohanging plaore..."). Facoorse this, anal ta~
ble the capper coin re the right, below the firs
Oypper coin. Saw, “Ler do duet gene peer eines, er
the ayes int the baie ween, *

Take the Iai -sikeer coie: ane-plage ic ingo che
right hand, performing the slide-in phate of the
Slide Move at you thoe dhe hand! inpo a Fier. Pick
ep che wo copper colew with ibe left hand and
dbop thom neo che glass. Say, “Clce again, che
iifeer cain gave ime rhe fiand! amd! new tthe
pet ooina) go imo che glare Thar's che sigeal’ for
ing amazing en happen (gevture annited the
ight fae with the beled, and mune crosigh, ebay Line
coin changes, iene at etin fexecure che
dlide-our pads of te Side Meee to chow the
Copper coin

Turn ewer the coin becweem che fingertips of
beh hands co show: boch sides as before and
ihnop it ineo oo Lift rhe glass wich che belt
hand and tranater ig eo che right. Chering. chia
action yor cam transfer the silver caine te Nie
where palns. This is dome by lcecring the nudge of
the eins chest to dhe Free finger taperared with
the dhomb sind curting che chind fniger aroused
them co hold thers in place, Swiel the cans in
the cap, apd then cosa dhe copper coins tees abe
left hand. Drop thems area whe left of the salle
ina vertical pow as before. Say, “_uhich fares me
three copper weing is the glass, send int rhe purse...”

‘Teansher the glass from the night hamd co che
icf, and table i: back in ics spoc. Pick up che
gronse with abe left hand by che clasp and shake
it ta the coins are heard inside, Thar sells che

llusios what the coins are tere anil ealbes abe
ew off the newer move. Place che parce iets abe
fight bund and perform ony Parer Coin Chomp, as
follows Hold rhe pume by che Frome berween
the thumb which lies along ome side of che
pane: frame, and the fire cwo Fingers, which
curl stand abe ‘rete side of the frame.

‘the carled, + finger holds the No-
where-palsed coin just belrw ae hsechom of
the purse (photo 2334

Open che clasp with che felt hand. Thrn yest
righthand palm down and make a toasieg mn
tion toward che left. Secrecly release the No-
where-palmed coins, so chat they fly into che
loft hand fphete 240) The ithsdon is thar they
came ourol the purse. Diop them onpo che sable
‘on the right kin aow as before, and rable
the pune berweeen the glass and the coins, wide
open with the opening Faeisig your apcorupors
Fissivh bn saving, “aie Hine wilsor code, *

(AMAL THOMGHTS: Sore char fro abe tine rhaa
the right hand has the srack of three coins in
finger palm, ic is always holding something. —
ile e, che glass, or a coin. Thit helps che
hand no book more marural

The idkeaof che Rubimacin Rattle Purse is haved
om the Coin Ragele Gimmick, a dlevice smacked
gc the wrist ehap wat ahle go manulacier a
wake of ewime when the arm waa shaken, The

T. Nelson: Doreena,
who. publiched the workcing of bis primp in hin
boo book, Modern (oan ipulariont, under
A Modern Adgerarkon of she Rawle Bos Avs Whe
original comoepa used amalll bells, feeand in The
Anarombe of Legerdemain by Hocus Pocus jr,
imi stay.


THE MAGICAL CHANGE PURSE
Purse, No Glass

‘This tea scrcamlimed version off mryy Daas avd Colas
Routine. Ay climinating che gle. the routine
plays amtallor, and can be done in tighter spaces,
pit thanks to Therid Roch who vane up with
page opt cs pilot, ara vba ray

patter klesi. (ise tied wieh ibid pou
ned The veel Venlo appeared on Volure
Vhirteen of ube New York Coin. ‘Seminar
CVD sertes, bur | modlied che handling of the
lose coin ro mabe icw bit easter oo perform.

PREPARATION; In order oe perform chia pouring,
yeu will need throe worn ("soft") copper coins {1
use Coen Victoria English pennics, but King
George poanicn werk jus as welll, and three
worn (iof") Barber half dears, In adelition 1
the gol contra: im oolor berwcen the cote,
the smoothness of che worn eoien allvws fer
very Here seise when a are tabbed regetie
‘Oeher coina can be used, grearer earewill be
needed co prevent nolse wt certain parts of che
tearing. The three copper coins followed bey che
three siheer coins are pat inco a mxdified Goh
mansityle puree tealled the Rubinstein Ranke
peal pee the Egan of che trick, This
i a cop nie tsp 10 <trant
al sera he ld shake it, you can
bar esas Welle yet though the purse appears
empte See the prive routine fir a complete
deseription of the purse, Than moaee is i ja
ane for the perlormance of the trick, Now, chis
nck can be dome winhosr a rapiie ee tec
ilusiog of nalse makes che crick becver. IF you
don'r have a raccle purse, don't despais. The rou-
tine can be done with a racche gimmick up your
orbit would do prciy much che same
‘The courte can glo be dome without the
mantic gimmicks, bur noise really hel psna see the
rousing, and jg use should be encouraged.

PERFORMANCE: Place a purse emo the table,
Turn ao yaar audience azul say, “Hil a tke oo
show a mysrery inink a magical vhange purse.
icdk chbigatte [Rowe aoec ri hapetie a
cheer ave copper, and rhete are sileer.~

Open the purse and remove che six coins Chose
the prorse and place inoneothe cable at the cen-
cer af vour performing surface. Separane che
coins inge copper and silver, holding the

porwich four right hand Hiner wit iar Rie

(CHAPTOR ENGHT «© COPRER-SILVER BL

Fan them toward che audience for a nomen,
then place the ening onca the cable im cao wer=
ibe vows. “The copper coins are located no che
Hight of che purse, the leer come are in a row
en che left. Nege chat i! wou have apectatars on
either side-of you, yuu can hand the coing out ge
be examined. | usally say, “Check tem: our, chook
iom our”, then a secomd Liner (ead haxrnoecusy),
*Gilne teem back, gfe tore ack *

Ater the caine are examined, proceed no pus
ta ea Fwo Tews aa pe described.
Lilt the uppemians copper coin wit

sis ses tan hor fein os
bo your audience, end say. “Tan's copper, silver”

Pat them down amd repeat this with che mid
alle coins. Then pur these devas anal ibe
action with chap stlpamioeginmne Conelane
to ray. “Copp, | COP PEN, , and at

shanpr purse, Now che mason char i call ira magical
shange purse tr becawer whescner wane aooln over
ir, ir changes Bur ir onty urbe
aide of ee purse, it iver work,
bighleriaaeh atts sah

his statement, pack ui eg rac wath
ak hard, 5 tne ih a ead ope
inh the rhree copper cules with ehe i
har ar the a ie fin many
taps of the chun firse ewo Fingers, fimmers
poitting w the eA. Pretend ao drop all chroe
euirt fete the pasnée bor eran them im che right
ing a variation of my Roll-Down) Retention
Pus feee the Pane anf Glin mowtime), described
briefly ac follows: Heing the eval fan weer to

the opening off the patie, ‘Turn fea deere
wand rit tae phen the pune
aL the mene he rigghs wick off the

wirh she al of the fan
List rolling che fan closed sgainse irs che {piven
BP SHIAl nanis ke mieaal nod aeck,
pas che coin 7 inco be ight di
Curl year second tinger, belamelng the coins
ina ine t position, aml remewe your
hand fem the puree (phate 238). bmdianely
shu the parse with your left hand amd. shake ir
from ibe claag. eo chat it some che coin were
ihemped ino the purse, As you shake che parse,
secretly puss the eoiee im the hand to
palm. Trasofer the purse to che right hand arc
place it hack GANG! tee abe:

O2 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

Vicars begin to eel you how important
sural ix 3g selling this moe. The false
ast ipo sg obo egy the purse
gives t ain, “In nothing

Pick up a silver coin with che left hand, anal
ace it berween the chuneh, fret amd secorl:
ingens of abe right. Sar, “Yl wave a silver ooin
eter fhe parer ir changes, booming a coppcr acin.™

‘Vou are ew peing to ceccute the alidke-in an
ilide-tun phase of the Slide Aitsos (Chapaer Five)
se-eecrerdy place dhe silver coin behind. che seack
of copper coins and exchange ir for a oapper
coin, Ac you wan your hand over she puree, cx
fond he Firar wo Fingers, and with che chumb
hag abe coin down abe fngers coward he base,
‘Then curl che fi andl with che thems clip
insert tbe coin behind tho sack. Then, push the
iteTEN copper euin ro ghe tips of the First
und second Re meer ah the right thusals aa
Soy xs nes fr rg a og
or. rm the righe a

cig. od doesn wih nepal eh
Sots ete meset tees vee dees
hand paler down wo chow the other ade of the

Hl

Crier which capa sic
d which cums palm slighely u
veand ew receive the coin, Fick up jaca ok

wer coan from the rable wish the kei hand ard
dicplay bath coins to yerur ailiene, Say, “Now

char’: the nin their Rien coms our off the pure,
mhilcahe s coin hats gover dite he prac, te xi
are changing places.”

Slowly creas che hurds so char che silver coin ts
fagw-cn ihe might side, chic coinis now on
the left side, Pieverse this tabhe che copper
oan tothe rights Say, Vl do char again for you."

Take the seeoml silver coan with che
thumb and diest nod fingsrrips and perhgerm
ile-i

Slide Move = ~ oo thar che silver
coin goes behind che sack in abe ei; hurd aa
yOu wave che coin cver abe pure, thorn the

Mide-our phase of che Sle Mos vo beckng the

copper onin coche fingers Say, Rlarigestihied

iifber code over she, the pate eal cde canrsh,

pre rhc eaedraphior airhirs
cade been ptreph beg rors wttile ahe

bei ee ix bagfiene cbse coded

Take che copper coin wich whe feft hand ax be-
fore, 1am ir ever and par ir back into the wight.
Bick up a second sibeer onin with rhe leit hand,
dlisplay itt the audience, chem slowly cross che

haxilashapwinge tbse oon on the left, che
silver qein ors ghee righe fant befor, phe code ane
changing places." akin, are rable the
pian eoshe right, making a vertical now
Sahib faa ooh

Say, “Lorde thar ene more hime, for che ger inthe

back row”

Ese tbe on fee oe nn oe ire

per ings aE 4 in phase t

ae rou wave vour hand emer the purse, Follow

oe he slide-out phase od dad Move pa
ng the lee copper coin co the fi

Web eke oh oe ee a

onct again it changes, ecwming a copper voda,”

Rosaie che com berecen the fngentips of beak
hands as beloer, amd talile che enim bela
the other ewe te snake a vertical nome of three
ooirn, Say, “Wher Lubes exc hee coine ome che
Ourside, ana on che inside, er baer chore silver coin.”

Pick cap abs purse with che heft red bby: the easy
and shabee i ax ube coins are: beard imide. ‘hae
sells che ilhmacn chat che coine are chese ond
takes the hear off the next move. As yeu shake
the purse, secretly transfer the silver coins From
finger palm to here palm, This ix dene be
hewering the edge of the cvieachauesr eo che first
niger upward with ehe ehh ond curting che
chitd fitger armund aber cohold hem in
Maced pe reese lee eh hard andl
A Con use act follows: Habla
the gan herween ube dumb white!
Aaamspol gl islcmary oral: aie ae
a, which curl arcond she
sith Shore frame. The carkall right «
holds the Nowhere-palmed onins juse il ge
hocnam of the purer (pose 239),

Open che clap wink che lef band. Turn your
fghi-kand palm dower ane make a costing ma
Vien toward the lefk. pres ie ihe 3 at
where-pall ned coins, a iBae tl inva
lefr hond (photo 240). The th ae they
came out af the purse. Brop ahem omen the ta
ble onthe left ale fn aro moe baler aie pale
the parse beraeen che coins, withe oper wich abe
opening facing your spectapors.


FINAL THOUGHTS: Alchough
changed alighily po climinate the the basic

mrramce it the same, The erick plays amealler
than the original Purse.and tlre eoutine, which
rial bt Fel ba petloes int shacks where
jpou dons hawe a bot off ena table, er bf
oar ieser nese As such, shés would
be peafece hopping. Because: vou won't
need eo camy amcund » glass. ahis roumine cam
be carried in your packer, read: na perform at

any time.

the panter. has

THE SUBSTITUTION TRUNK MYSTERY

There arent too mam Okiee hoe routines in
this Ihowk, Ihawe alware lanked at the Ix as a
prop. there aban juat 2 comnainer Whis ootine
few aha deseripeion perfect, In abies reurine,
fathioeed! after the liar Seah Trunk illusioe,
the box mothe onenk uaed én che bbe
stage ihuston. f par iio prince an early version of
vhis poutine brs eng igi aa lenermediane and
‘Colin Technique. Since chen f have
plished several diffcrens handlings of his 2f-

ie bur: his laces handling is ey Favorite, by
apart on ney oni Penguin Twew hive dérwes-
load, Chie may ace a sienilariny- borer tis, anal
the Nive of Biers routing foand in Chapers Six-
teen, This murine iva bir mare cereemlioed and
docier't require 3 signed coan
Anaisdanullel onder us palates this. ef
ce, var wil wo copper English pernice
{ase Habah pensiey ) Fach sibecr

‘dolar {use a Kennedy half dalla, chat can
‘be clad ow silver), am Okino box, and 2 rubber
bard, Tio prepare, pur che coins into ibe bes
with the silver coin iamtwiched berweer the
peodupper otis Place dhe nabbor band arcemul,
the bos, acd place che Ibn inte ibe right purckes.
Thi nating is bee performed with a speecasor
af adobe For explanarion, be will be sicting on
‘your left,

PERFORMANCE: Turn te your audience amd say,

“T ahoays wanred to do srage Once I offered
wo perform an illusion for my ne whore!
her per rabbi in hall Sie aid eee weed ranker Due

a ing cle inetrad, wT ehoughs, ety apts herrea!

sraeably, {bet oe ips Dahed at hatte
dicing A a peat bn
pear phere almady ine eee on

dled! Dseu dow eo Merk Carlin an ban fy a aang

CHAPTER EXRLHT + COPPER-SRWER G3

hip edited

ett

Remove the rubber band amd ect iden on tbe
tabke, Open che bes, placing the top one the ta
bic no che dele, Spill our the cuten iy ied right
hand. enmediseety shecmbeoil che half dolllar arsed
are Opeth die table, leaving the second penny
fdden ie righe finger pales. Give the spectaor
thrbak aad tacaetonstine ‘Tate steer back ame
them ar che cencer of che mable, cop wo che
of the Iho! Chive che speccacor ihe ool po
be examined. Leave chem on che cable and hand
the spectator the rubber bani no examine, Sav,
AT ane poing:fo mnie hts prope ee perferm.an ilfiedon
regen ais the Subsnivadion Trek Myirery.”

Pick up che ball dedlar wich whe leit band and
place at jinco whe right berween the rips of the
chum and firaz finger. Explain thacabe half ‘dal=
lar represenes. Marry Houdini Mace your right
hand on the cable, ti curled, and the hall’
dollar resting on che cal LL oF ther fires very
Poin coabe box wich your left hand anbcxptairs
thar che box represents the rrumk weed in che
mage Bhan, Aa you bnidicare tbe box, perfor
the Al Fale Saneck (Chapter Five), ibe-
g ra ; apneipher the eain with the

uf era fir fen
trac fer hand whe re in
A 2) palen. This mow 1 a aplir seve
oh al fae fastest mechod foe pita coin
ingo chis poolticn.

Say that Harry is going oo go into the be, Se—
enciby granaler ther Ef neural remy co fim-
gerhip rem, then exten the F Hold che
penny agains the fingers with the thumb and
place it tee ihe bee, yn are putting. the
sui Ente the bow, pickups che ewwer with abe defy
hhaeed, ail cover 1 bers sus hua the penny isn't
seer. Deop the hall dollar co finger palr* Wap
the rubber band around che bea and explain
abac It 3 the chains weed. bn the se

illusion ease Icke Hecate che al

ponny wish the telt hand, andl ex-
Lig oa the penny repnesents the assistant,
Bo, Ad ver pick up che penny, transfer the hall
dallar to fingertip ear, Perkonm ihe Spellbound
Changeener-Filin Variarion (Chapace Tuna), de-

94 RUBINSTEIN COUN MAGIC

scribed briefly as fellwa: Tarn your right-hand
aie up, eorending the fingers poe abe befe.
ace rau Uhumb or che penny and curr yesar
left-hand palm dewn and over the half’ dollar
he right fingertips so chat ie can't be seen.

on the
Teach them phalange of che right fers fine
gerwith the Free edge of the permy:

Withdraw che left chum, snapping the peemy
t che righs fempers. At the exme tite, prices
fave of che hall dollar agai the imide of
the fingers of che left hand, Graap the penny
with che right chum, Ac che same time, grasp
ibe edge of che half dallar with che left chumbs
planetary the right bund nave holding
ny and che beft hased eecnetty holding the
tial Tarn the right-hand palm down and
he coin om pop of che box, Tum che eft
tp denen and carl dhe fingers, secretly
teanderring the half dollar vo firegcrnp reat,

Foplakn absar cour noel fa place aecurtain in fone
of che bux, and your hand will ngtensst the
curtain. Transfer the balf dollar go chucsh palm,
and exvened thse fingers ew the right, placieg your
left hand) on the cable in frome of tere bos, Pick
upothe penny frees che top of che box wich che
tips of your righe chumdb, fret, amd second fine
pert. Bring bt above your Deft hand, and comune
*Une", as you bring che penny behind che cur-
fain te eap the box. Bring it back up above che
curesin, Again, bring it behind che currain and
hie the top of ghe bee as you call out che mm-
ber awe, Being if back abaxer adhe box, The third
time, count Three", brieg it behind che curtain,
and cust the segond finger using Al Schneider's

Sap hack sechnique 19 being the peony under
the finery teemedinnety a. the ediec oF ibe
half dlallar wich ehe ips Poke thursh end first
Finger (photo 243), taking if our of thumb pal
hiteing itn the tegrol elie lew (pheka 242)

Pause fora second chen move the left hand. oo
the felt, warning your right hand dewreard anc
balancing the copper coin on the second finger,
Tarn ibe keA-hand palm up wich the fingers
esterided andl place the halk dollar ven the tim-
gers toeard the cips tphede 243), Perform che
Spellbound Ghingeor-Film ‘Viriatios ond! Dd-

as alose carlier isn this poutine, branaberring
the half dollar eo the right Kandla the copper
woe is seerecly wansleread ineo che kG bared,
Finger palm the copper coin amd ture che left.
hand palm up. Tarn che right-hand palm dere,
openly placing the siver coin ineo che befe hand
heeween che cips of the thumb andl freer finger.
Turn the beft-hamd palm doen, placing ebie half
dollar back inae the right “his display after the
Changeover Palm ie deme in ane, comrinuous
eration.

Have the epectasor open the bow and, eemowe
the penny. Sav, “Haney kat eiuped, ariel Beer i
ome hn ebhe Ae Cpe ir opt ante rake a Leak, ancl jeu
can sfurbe their kernals fiw a pode ane hone. *

Pick ap the evo colme with the KE hurd aexd
add chem vo the finger-palmed peney. Fue all
there coire back inca the bow and chow ie up.
Pat tht bow and rubber band back inna your
pocket to end

FINAL THOUGHTS: When you hit che cop of che
how with che silver coin oe “Three,” pee for a
second for dramaci¢ elfect, before nemovi te
hand. Ales pause afer you pue the half

pape reagan ee re alger the soa
people cansce the coin the changeover

move, Vea can reset ahr rougine as yeu put che

props away, Fire, pur the silver opie anal

enin inte the Ley Band us thar dhe hall

id again sarcdwichod heween che rwn

eoing |fur the eubber band apcund che box

feere cite de all bane the sigh keer, Thin

cay ich amines ion Sooke vacbich bt

inyportana For table

STAND UP SUCKER
‘COPPER-SILVER ROUTINE

(have performed chis rouaine in dilferent wave
aver the years, The initial routine appeared in
my refs. Magic Castle Lecrure Nope bat hae
since been maxlificd co climirape a mower ft Bele
wat a bir comirived, A different tbat
eHoetive! way eo perlorm the few hall of he
teratine is ine ae feo ot ie ranlocsn
the FINAL THOUGHTS accrion. The ceader is free

so choose whichever method works ewe, This
fnitine abewicises the Tanting technique thie
‘wat discussed eaaller in this book.

PREPARATION: This routine is designed eo be
petonmed een aaa table, axing the a
ie ® i he purpoecs of marti =
will alo need a 1 Emygtivh peony, asi

ver half dollar, Boch coin ancpagether in he

right packs,

CHAPTER ERIMT * COPPER-SILWER

PERFORMANCE: Ricach inna pour pocker and ne-
— rans a thar oe ne onan
ate of coretrauting ooker, E: in that thenagh
the evied are pape Fogel are dilberent
colors which makes ic easier ro cell therm
Take the ore ca pruapeaesiyas in the
copper coin ino a bach coins, chen
close the hands pohly Explain chat even iF
you close the hands, because of she color che
spectaror should remember where the coins anc
locaned, Have him gues and open the hands no
show the position of the two cons, [f the apee~
tagor pve you the woe aneers, dip if again on
til he gets a wight
Explain char you will moke tea bir more compl
cated Take bork colina wich the right hand, andl
apparencly coss bodh linea che lef. Inacead, exe=
come rhe Kubieein Click Pier (Chapeer Threel,
described bricfly as fnikrae Hold borh come i
adrack (popper asin on bemecen the right
thumb, second, anu chied hegertips of the right
hand. The bard is palms ug. Clue the chum to
qaoh ibe copper coin onto the firse Finger ad
thag i lies prrizally oe he fest finget aie] ppat=
Hallyon the kwer coin, Bring your right hand
ower co the palm-up left hand, and with an. wp-
aededown mocion ae the righe wrise lift che cop=
per coin off che sliver coin Con the “up” moaicn}
and drop is int che bef hand fon the “down™
mationh, oo char ir First srriloce the silver ooim
creating a *clink™, before falling inno the deft
aml Aa soon at it arrives Into che Left hand,
close che left hand arqund is ineoa fist, The el
Jusion in thar both coins. were dropped inno the
16 hand, However, che silver coin rensaine ors
the hall af the emended right fingertips. Turn
sight hand inward and curl your fingers 20
thar the coan lies in fiegert hear
your right hard on the rab ina

clastic palm che coin.

Explain thar borh coins ate neve in the left hand
Say thar you willl rake one coin oor oF the hand
which ix beewaic there ion: one oie in
the Ieft hand), Work the copper ain oitee che
table front the back of whe ¢boied lef Rural
Fick ie up wich the # hand. Chase your harull
apourtd ig ineo a fier, ng te in aheambs-pal
position, Make sure abe spoceanar sees char che
copper coin is-mow kn che right band (she silver
coin be assumed oo.s2ifl bbe im che helt}, Burg bowl

OG RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

hands om the rable. Ask if che spectacer sw any
thing. He will ena bikely say no, This gives you
the oppornanicy ro use the pole, “Tou mca, year
didn't ape ane bong ey Aanals aguierar che rable?”

Hee will save nhear bee did. Sarg, “Wil then pou det
een Bat I dll orthing fae, | nevecked
ohe enim”

Drop the cihey coin onee che Bngercips Place
jyour chueah on abe back (keeping the or
coin in thusnb: gues rel ilaee kcors che tabde
Curl-yournighr fingers, uransterring the chumb-
palmed copper coin ro fingertip rea. Say, “Wier
Fi aloer a bn wep right awhile the capper
soir lin any Inf, phcopins kerme sepia places”
Perforen thy Fingertip Load (Cchaprer Too), de-
scrtbed Ihricily as follows: Begin go roate- che
belt fise no pule-op position A splat second
after che left bund sean to nenace, begin uo
bum che eigha-hand palm ug, coin ecill in fim
gertiperea: posicion. Bring raw hands pogecher
at the poing where the space berecen che felt
thumb and first finger: is facing up. Teach che
wale of the left first fi with the side af che
right hind finger aad dees the coin fross fin
gperedp nese right ina abe hole creased by the dele
ibsambs andl first forget.

Without hesierion comimic bo neaare ibe left.
ft palm up, eheaing che space with ahe chumb:
‘The right second and whind fingers rub againer
the of the left fingers, careseing ehem as the
lef fen rtore, then mower weay the belt
hand. Chpon che bet fier no reveal she copper onin.

Say, “Houle a nine audience, a fim going ny sell
you how Dido his Towser, P uscd mindinecrion ent.
cpou! Thar is, anhew 2 hanged ene hone! agains nhe
oable, che loud noise cored you all oo blink. Sime
primetalicarg terior dope tmnt e ee
2 fuer sw the goin! Foam self pow don't belicoe
mw, bur it's prec, Mngiciane-uiwally den'e eepear ohcir
erie, bur bocce che Binking & ineofuntary, # can
dp ir again, and ap rhe erurdil moemene yoo TLL
Mink Ap char meeenr J ell just sedieh che coin,”

As before, wake both coins in che right ham,
ae ie berm in — an the second: andl
third ctips with 1 Toon on

Pecfisn the Rubin ‘Chick Pst Ps raraing
that che coin is nemued into che left honed,
while che sslver coin i retained in right himger-
fiperces Position, Hiowecver, as or ng yoar
right hand down eo che cable, cancer che coin
to semi back-palm as follows: Cras the odges
af uke coin beaween the aides of ibe fret andl
Fowzriby fingers, Use the rips of the eeeonal andl
thint fingers co rogare the lenermnomt edge of
the coin upward, weail che Bace of ake coir lew
against che nails of cheese limgers (photo 228).
‘Wink che right-hand palm down, chis is the semi
backypalm position, wish the oppesine face of
the colm parallel and aver the cop of che chose
up mar. Position your righr hand ar she edge of
the nop mar, in. preparstion for mariing the coin
(phew 220). Place arpa behind baie
Say, ls before Fare going ee rab ome coda ot


Work the opin onto che cable fem che
back of rhe Left hand. Aa chey look ot che
com coming our ofthe eft hand, secretly
Lt the silver coir indict the mat (pote 2341.
Mey will arewer ehat it's che ie Soper sain. Pick
up the coin with the right idl adaepelay it
on the extended fingersigs of che yma right
hand. Close your band inno o loose fist, plac ne
the coin into semi back-palm and che edge
the voin ac the ed; ig che scp tines
For macring. Thace th the chumab. behing!
Make sure the posinion of the copper coin eae
the side of abe enim just matecd, so they won't
touch each other dering the marting proces

‘Gores with ibe left hand, Say, “lft hare hee cops
(Per eset det vary right, wefkar’y det am Uf?”

uring this pescure, secresby the coppor
sal etder ches, x before both hand
against che cable. ‘Ask him if be imtoo, Some
people will hold their epce open ao har ahey
don't blink! Say, “Will, fnaeet rune if you oe
Ang tov belied ow rice, ncn phate tfimag Pf

teetcad of irapdeching: she eveins, | ornade cher wartisk,”

pen beh hanike po. shew char che coins have
indand vanished.

AINAL THOAAGHTS: This bs che routine chal weed
co-win first prize bor cecariviry (martingh ar che
i AES  Comeenion ‘The maarting is dene
iy pichapeanrtelies rela nd rie the
acral is ie ria i that che maaine
uses agoten de mibliesetiony which [fend
quite amusing.
Aaa tatigelos, you can use my haralling from
Volume Four of che New York Cais Mage
ie Semisar DVD series for the first phase of
this reaming. This bandlling uses the Shake Move
(Chapter Fivel followed by the Tap Load ((hap-
ner Ta) for ehe fini aransposigion. Sime it usct
the Side Meee, U preter to ug worn (ealg") oxtine
ao that the coins don't make a measur when the
warfaces ruls againat cach other, Node ahat out
scan stil use eoien chay aree’y soft, bug you will
need to exerctic a hie mare care tae the caine
don’t make emise,

CHAPTER EUHT * COPPER-SILWER 97

Derberm che rousiew at described uy uneill abe
Aubiuncin Chick Aro, Rerain the ler pial
ehe it hoarad, tr di Tres Wiehe the coppe
ci ofthe kee bo before. Pick tray it
with che right amd perform che slide-im phase
the Sfide Move, oe pur it behind the silver coln
as you clase the right hand. into a ise. Bang, cher
hands on the rable, chem the slicde-our
ofthe Slide Move to bring the silver coin
to the fingertips, followed bry the Tage Laie! po

load she cote bat re hand as
it enperri. with the rest of che noucime ae
ileweribseal,

COPPER OR SILVER EXTRACTION
‘There iso a routines free Bo
bola Mowkenn , thas £ mall che
tine. Quer the years have ied the han-

illings, 10 create some di This ia che
fal chee routines “hie rariedabin is just
ory personal handling of the Stuart Judah mech-

bout Bulo's Modern ‘(Coin Magic.
The meastine is included go act ap the ren rem
tincd that fallen

PREPARATION: ‘To peel form these Engl foe isa
‘will need ie match

nes, ad aallver half dedlae ser Fein tent
a handikerchicl. Since | fecal do chese a
a tescumanc, yOu can abe usc a dinner nap:
kin. This rourine can be performed aranding or

one of the aappecr coins im

and you ave ready 10 begin. Nore thas shia ¢las-
sic-palmed evan will baw monbing oo dhe with:
thin routing, Ie is thsene an the resstine
hac follies, The harselliog fh auch ihae the sighs
pain (and elastic coil is newer acer.

PERFORMANCE: Bring out the aul sil:
wer gies an re in sheen hala
is ve the cable Cor in r ech, Mlaoe
both col anva whe fate oft he steadied fin-

af che palm-up left hand. coin uz

teal Becher icf with the
right hand andl cover the ooind, Reach oor the
handkerchicf and proend to enh hoch coin
through the handlarcchict Inarcai, just gralethe
ther eois ae the cenaer af che bea if, Ae
rou bit up ihe sikier: coir dhevugh she handker-
chief, cum your left-hard palns inward, keeping,
the copper coin in finger palm.

08 PUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

Hold the sibver coin with a the ahemb om
one cide, Fingers.on the other, af che hard -
henchict prod dowcrward, Hace the side of
the silver ct it fale by abe ffi iff
the handkerchief), agaiewt che face of the cogppes
eon, and fold ahem vagerher in che belt hard by
pressing chem against the fingers wich she: left
chun. tmewediarely grayp che encire handker-
chief gue below che coins with the right hand
amd aroke che handkerchief in a downward ma
tion ipheke SMM. Say, “Note char all the end of
the handhorchlef cme eagerber ar ike oenncr, That's
ging te be precy impeerume Lane ine her routine.”

Tisnn your left-hand palm up, rocading it so chat
the fingers pot. ourward and handkerchief nw
drags ewer che left fingertips. Take care chat che
copper coin ten’ seen. You might need co adifaet
the handkerchief! a bic wich che right hand op
make sure che copper coin wan't bre . The
coins now boal lie on che oxtenubed eft fimger-
rij, held in place by the chuiwh, The siker avin
in sail ¢ the handkerchied ard che cogyper
nin Hie underneath agaisns the fingers.

Have the specraner feel both oolns vbroagh che
folds of the buncikerchiel (photo 248). ble won's
be able eo cell char ane tec inside. Ack hin oo
name either che copper or sikeor cain. Which-
ever bs named you will extract from che hand-
herchicl, leaving the ether one inside, EF your
spoclator sacs copper, you are all ser, Grab che
enaite kanierchief umelermecath the coins with
the ight hand -and extend tbe ends toward the
spectator, Hive hiss grab all she ena af the
handkerchief anil pull grandly. Release year grip
‘wits che left thumb, xo char he pulls dhe hand
hherehief (and ube silver coim inside) cr of your
Tet fama, [o: beotce like pou magically palled the
copper cole right chrough tee material, Finish
iy beving your ator open the handker-
chief, 10 sec the silver ooin mapped inside, and
ne hole in che handkenchick

lé the silver coin is chosen, yen will mec. co oe
eretly powers the posithan of ibe eaing if the
handkerchief, Lale your left thumb ane place
jour right fingerrips agvinsr the coins. Place
your right thumb underneach beak coins anal
lift then off che left fingers so thar your right
fiegers poine downward, and che coins ane mow
vertical Insert your ieft hand ineo the hand-
herchief from undorcah, placing your fingers
directly agaiewt the front of the silver coin.


CHAPTION EIGHT © COMPER-GELYER SD

“tour left hispid ior inet che coppercoin
er bai

ahiroughi the: han creating a small folkd
with che acwbiolniniainrdet 1 omer
fo 6) Aickeaae eerie hai Chranp

bonem cui of a nodkercheet cha ts in

front of che sikecr coin and pull i¢ ap and erwer
the bett hand co show the Gee of the stheer cok
(photo 247).

Auk your spectasor if he sees the silver coin
Shaw abe ailver coin only hoe enough for hie
eo see ie. le is assured thar © coin is
behind in. Now, Hick your left hand cevennand
at the wrise so chac afl of the ends of che harxl-
kerchief flip aver che eft hand! and che. sther
coin, The ewe coins now lie flat on che exronded
felt fingers, in reverend position - che vile coin
fe Iriiag on the firrgers outside the besdberchiel,
the copper coin it mow inside che hanalker-
chic ond on cop of the silver coin fphote BE.

Crab che entice handkerchief anderneath che
coins with the right hand and extend che ence
coward the spectator. Have hien grab all che
ends of the handkerchief amd oul eta Re-
fease your grip with the lez thumb, so char he
pulls ihe Penherchick (and the copper erin
inside) our od your belt hand. It Tooke Hike yon
magically pulled the silver coin right through
the material, Finish by. having your wpectanar
open the handkerchiel co sce the copper evin
crapped isd. anal nue hole in tbe harulherchicf

FINAL THOUGHTS: ‘his coucine can seand on tes
own, bur by esmending che magh: with the rw
fouaenes char fofkew, wou cen curn thie lero o
ahowphoce. This ls a grear plece. of magic1o die

while table ing, IF you mm withour @
cable, use sete of eee aver foctkl abe
props. As sated, che clawic-palmed onin serves
no purpose ber che courhee bur is eructall far the
cw rematinict dhat fille:

IP you ace performing ehis while seoting at the
table, you wan past leave the exora copper coin
eo your lap during chés fire rearing and re:
tekewe ic in order no comrinue with the nourine
thar follows.

COPPER PENETRATION

‘This rouriog bs the perfect follow-up for Cop-

os Silecr: Eecraction, ft also comes right our
of Bobo’: Modern Goin Magic, [ changed ther
handling in order te male it bowk ever clean-
cn You will need the handkerchicl or dinner
napkin, twa macching ec English penesies,
atul a sikeer half dollar, IF van jet performed
Copper or Steer Exreacrice, the sirustien is abae
yeni have elte 2 ppet cols clase palmed ink varur
F haul, ana che veher prope car be on the
table of in the spectusoc’s ha

PERFORMANCE: Aner vou finish che last rou-
tine, take che silver coin with your left hand,
Explain chat now you ane going mm try some-
thing elec. Transfer the classic-palrind coin te
80 Grip as follows: Lower your night hand:
inn at waise level, palm inaan

areal Fingers curled. Drop abe copper coin oo
righe figertips rest, Clip eme edge af the euch
haetwereri elie right fia and secon! Fingers, ea
the coin is eow in a Prone fiegerclip: poditecn,
fingers saill curbed (photo 245). Touck the eppoe


200 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

sire edge with che sipof che chum {photo 20.
Being your — hand ugraoc che belt, co cake whe
alver coin with ee thumb and second fin-
EE Ayer reach for the oon, mane your righa-
id palm down. During this action retape abe
edge of the coin held by the shams ugreard, ne-
senving it from ite clipped position eo prea it
against ihe vide of the second fonger (pede 254)
At the saan time, cuel che fest finger around
che coin and release the th The coan is nw
held be che fier: finger, iin (M0. Cop (photo 252).

Grasp che silver coin between che sips oF ihe
themb ond secoed finger and display ae pelm
noe Your alience ued fingers potving prwarel
the heft. The spectaners see only the sthver coin,
and arvechcrwise empsy hand (hota 283). ‘Take
the handkerchief with abe Ieft hand amd drape
feover che hand and silver coin, As-you cover
the oois, hemececr, romano che righr hand so thar
the free edge of the copper coin as ew Facing
ups fingerd potting bo the kf. thls movement
happens under abe handkerchief and can't be
seen (pete 254 shaws the cucne wit ahe haond-
hetchiel reenavesd


With the left hand, grasp the Free a gh:
copper coin chrough che handkerchi icrwern
the chueal anal first pao fnigers. Secpeeby press
the sibeor cvin (imide the icf) ence

fli finger pales widh che right hac (photo 265

shows the cern posicion with ake handkenchbct
fomoved’L Ie s flee you just picked up the
sibver voir th the handikenciiel Riemnene

areal grab che cncine hu: echict with wour right
fingers and chumnls jaar under abe come, #

your hand downward shout four inches Secret-
Te drop the silver coin from irs finger-palmed
position, allowing is no fall usnil ff sepa ae che
cop of your right hand (photo 256),

Reiabe beh hands eo hold che handlberchte?
hovirentally, The left hand sill hohis the edge
of the copper coin, while che silver coin mow sire
freely invade che handkerchief berween che oop-
per cole and che right hand. Give che ends of
the handkerchief no che speceacor os hold with
his belt hand, keeping che handkerchief horisen-
ral. Your right hard pe him from aecilen-
nally pouching the sheer coin, Have hins hold che

coincwith the fingers of his right hand
the believes it to Ieahe silver ein), “Tell hie
that at the count of three, co het go of che silver
coin, Show him by fret placing your righ hand
areand the alver ccan too HM weon's moved and
polling his right hand off ihe copper coin when
jpou say, “ahtrec™,

Once ibe spoctacor understands the inerrue-
tees ber pa reopen ee! _ perk up
the copper oni the tabk with your right
Lae Perform a hapa Tax: jar oe ff

ful, retaining the © coin ith fF Fighe.
fraps ee. it
wand theh chichon ihe eouns of three. He
will release his pripem the copper coin, coming

CHAPTER EIGHT « COPPER-GILVER 101

hee athocr cai ber Bll weve ie making, 4 “elievk*.
He can mow open the handkerchSel co: see thay
the copper coin hay peecraced abrough, go jovim
ahe silver coin.

FINAL THOUGHTS: Those oho Ihave kone he
omiginal roorine from Bobo will realine bow
emith cleaner the trick becomes wich the usc of
JM Grip. “The trick doselF in cay, but che effece
is agariling, and works ay a feet Follow-up bo
Copper or Silber Exrraction. These raw tricks can
stated on their own, hue | obways add abe abind
coudine, Handy Capperstilver “Franepestision, bo
muuke a perfect set.

Finally, [86 Grip (named after Jimmy Wiben),
First appeared inthe rote Horace Bonner: Book
Benrert’s Fourgh under che stale, fimeep
‘Wilkens (in Virnink and foe, Nbr, Beri-
ett stapes thar be leareed the varvich From. Mr.
Wilern sore thirty Pe pre te che ia
cigs of che beak, which would dave che mowe
fared the peaiabon) back 1 circa tgy0,

HANDY COPPER-SILVER
TRANSPOSITON

‘Whi taabe perfect rowel: 1 follow Copper Pen
matios. [ecen also sand on ies own, s0 itis preey
versatile. Although rhis specific rourine is nor in
Gabo, chere.ane many similar reusines in prins,
and elsewhere im chis book. This roamtine uses
[8 Grip, bowerer, to give it the same open degk
at with the priot routing. tabi i sgrucnarcd
co build off rhe prior routine. You won't nerd
a hamlkerehael by his mauriee, jira che wo

nies and che silver

nanvlit Exglich

halfulollar. Me cancher the hardkerchiel
enibe table, or iF there is eo table you can pur
it inee your pocker Ifyou just performed iCap-
per Penereation, you Ihave the duplicare T
coin bidden in your night hand. The rest oF the
props will cither be on the table or beld by your
sprotanor The hanulling of chix routine han hoon
nusdilied From the version that ors aber
aowb. Penguin Lave Lecture Tons fixaal ace
han ever boon ih pring ar en wicker,

PERFORMANCE: Alice the coppice cudn pene
trates dhrough whe handloenebiel ax in the last
routine, aay, “Lear sime J did’ rhts someone said
thar ir ews a greac erick, boc che Aandkenchiey hid
rieimgs ae you coulde'r self hare mar going on. So,
aan going ce nee rode che seme ching bor withowe ahr

202 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGE

As pou explain abis, pick the silver cain
‘wins your ft hand ona mansher the sight-hanal
copper coin oo [MV Grip as follows: Stare wish
abe coin in fingertip reat. Clip one edge of the
copper coin berween che right fret aed second
fingers, se the coin is mow in a iron finger-cli
pesicion, fingers ell cared (photo 249). Toor
ihe oppetio: alee oh che ll thems
tphete 250) Bring your right band up to the
Leff, to make the sheer ogin with she right shumb
and seewmd Finger, Aa you reach for ihe oain,
Oeste your ri EF-hand palm dows and corcred
ahe fingers. Tharing the accion pocdee the wdlge of
the coin held iby che chum ugeward, removing
fc from (es clipped posirion co press in againse
che side of the second finger (pian 202). Ar abe
same time, curl che first dinger around che coon
aml release the ihamb. The coin is now held bey
the firar fenger, in [780 Grip iptete 252).

Grnp ihe adlver cosa berweett dhe tips ad che
thursh and second finger aad display it pale
toward yur audience with fingers poinaing felt
The specuatens see cenly che 4 eoie, etl aa
otherwise empry hand. Pak up the copper eatin
with the left bund ara chow boch oo your epec-
cor. Ask hie wo choose either che copper or
silver coin. lf he chooses copper, make a genure
with the coin and say char ir ix che one you will
use. [Fier chooses silver, say that in ix the one wou
will use (this ts the Magician: Choleel. It doesn’
matter what year ipoctater says, the routine

precoeds im thie sameway,

CHAPTER EIGHE + COPRPERSSLYER 103.

Place the copper eoin cena the rable bor if no
gable ite the speceacoe’s open right hand). Pere
form my [Me Grip ao Fingerrie Saizok, as fallen:
Camually drop pour ight hand facil hiding she
coin in [38 Corip), cond che fi Inger and remawy
oe thumb ce the silver coin mera lies in
ip reer (photo 257) Prova it ine clawiic

pale Ghote 2001 sad gmp the Proc edie oF the
copper coin with yaar dhamb, Pull it ear of [8
Grip soe the a the put right fiegem, Extend ele
ein ‘ooin ins
Pde wit segr pri, ‘phen 28th erie ile
Eelt-hund palm up ase the capper coin
brite vevar belt hard pear ves Ihebeves bt to
be the silver coink Chose the hand around she
coin, mot lencing anyone see tbe ooin im che hand.

Ask bim to cxrond this bft hard, ‘Tell him ehat
{pon are going gw give him rhe oain, anal he must
any his haral cighely aremered it eo dhot Bo one

tid emit fas harul, 5 your Neti
ian qo dentwendrare, Nave ihe cotn an the lan

od his Deft hand (usieyg she rule left banal
pepe and right ne a. with wou fine
gers hiding which coi is an fete hand, Pur your
thussh wndeneath his fingers and help Bim po
chee hls hand and corn che hand over, so char
the back of his chesed fier faves up. lmmediancly
pack up che copper coin from the table Gor from
the spectator's open hand) and place it onto che
back of his left foe This sees up tbe part al

the erick, at-wellax renee
curehr opening, hit

Explain shar you ate going eo ery che same shh
with the er codn, ce oaks fee th

hit bund amd joan che silver coin, hin if he
feck ay eee te in hit hand Phe will say char
he dock Place your left Fingers over che coin,
and press. Show chat noching happened. Try it

im Gon prema-

again, showing thar irdide's eo During thie ac-

them, pane silver coin from classe
im no fi fm. Remove the oom
Ee a come oat aah bh it harel anal draw an
imaginary “x" on che back of hie hacul wish tbe
heft Bret finger, Tell him to watch thas spo,

Pretend co place che wopper coin inno: your
felt hand bur execuce instead a modified Gobo
switch char | call che. Piso! Grip Sexech, os fol-
hows: Hold the coin berween che rips of
your thumb an finger. The other Fingers
are cared, sibecr coin in finger palm. (pedo
260). Exeond che fret finger anil rear the boe-
tom odpe of the coin agaiear ibe wide of
your carkal een ituger (phate 262), The fer
of he ewrirt rere Ieaen agains she execraded fire
finger. U callithis pooidion Paro! Grip because your
hand looks like a pistol. Grasp che upper edge of
the copper cof with wour 5 sh (phote 262)
Bring your righe hand ower the left, which opens
Im wp with Fingers culed co receive ibe coin.
Hu your right-hand palna down, extending the
fingers amd releasing the sve enin ine the belt
hana. Ac thr vame time mecaie che copper con
intea clapped position berweon the Fire anal see-
ond Hingers en one vide, with che ehumdh bebl-
ing che oppenate odpe [phobe 283) Clase the belt
hal ino a fy around he heer enim Aa yea
withdraw erat Fight hand, wonktinie eo neste
the alge of che cain Tela by the abvamls ilown-
wand, purting the coin inco right finger pala

Tap the back of his hand lighthy with your bef
fier and ask him Whe Fele anything happen. Say
thas you are so good, nog only clicl yom cred
copper cain into his hand, bar you roth

ver coin oat. Open your hand te show rl
coin, and of course be will open bis had oo see
the copper onin

204 RUBENSTEIN COIN MAGIC

BAL THES. nike agaedayreanats vee
a or ending, where the spectaror expects one
thing, yer are another. Hemececr, pon hae
satlibod. he parameters oF the trick, “Yiu sux

eeediod in: putting the copper cate inte his hand,
aah yuna al you would, Removing the saber oni
is the icing om the edhe and serves as a fitting

ending. for he three routines. Fire vies exeraor
one coin freen ean of ihe handkerchief, followed
by magically purving it back. Finally, putting one
coin ino taking one ooin our L
vada ket the handkerchief on the rable fromthe

ie routio, yor can camsally peat it away aboey,
swith the extra copper cain co fnnish clean,

If che spectator ig, vou can alas fenish
iy translerriesy che copper “cadn bo right-hand
Stealth palm and teasieg abe sibver coin oneo
the excended sight first and second fingers in
Soaulth-Paden. Oigetay.

The Pate! Grip Sirioch is just a piicoe af what | call
Parol Grip Technology, which alia incempararce a
Baoldieg postion | call Siee Grip, Thiv penirian
diva: wexs. taught at the New York Coin Mage
Seminar Pour in jane of send. The companion
New York Coin Magic Sominar [Ds were is
sued in soy -with tha sechnigee Frpering ot
Volume Four, in the rousing Kau
vor. To get ina this position, ine el acct
or uc ae fel aes Srart at pete 262,
Li oft coin is
pe ibe borens trowel ne
tile oF the scoond Anger, The First Anger
txteneled, making your hard lnok ke a Fao
Whe silver onin ia ira cighs finger . Tarn voxar
tight-hand jalen prions Ine sie ingeet fisigers
are seleacing che siier Gait iat 1
‘This climes, Pee cera ieeaeecer
imtoo clipped partition as intl did te the rearine
iphoto 20:3). Inicead, just ries Bes af che
aril gege tthe ty iii rads ew opie
the vip of the chu agaimas
wing pt first fin pire
the fingers exmended (photo 2834) Icall this pe
aifon Side Grip, In chia position, an war
your right hand eer che left and is looks were
are pete a Vane it varbcn doit,
iach qo make che oom change or exnish, at

a prebade eo a

pening nity homed, With a cein hel
in Sade Chai al ieehiy Bi

s clevetvingly empay.

In addition, bide Grip is also am imocrmeddiane
position chet allows year to pointe andl aur of
je crip ofl peste the coin iste and eat al
fiegger pal dim, Ad a foe noes, hick ae
has alsoat Wished some addérconal work
em the wie ieee Shle Grip p hho be
unaware of my earlier pablicacions hearing
andi cabled ir by Palm),

CUP OF COPPER SILVER

Moat e-silver crameposicions occur as a di=
rece neal oF oocunring in the hands. As
magical ast can be, chere ae ahegye the feeling,
that manigealatisan in iteaing the be meee This
a copperuler tzansjamigion where

taken aut af che harde Ie hae ever before

fn prion anal bas noe agpeared any DWTS

PREPARATION: Needed oo perform this ine
area half dollar, nwo English pennies, a cnliee
and spoon, and finally, a small 2x2" ooin en
tlie teed, available through ATs or can
xa smal pice 20 ape OL
af the flap. You will ales need a Sharpie. and
some apg” fund white adhesive srickers, Macc
the cttra <u seuia in ibe eneeekape, The on-
velope fopenl, the ocher ts cvien, ane a sheer
af tickers po ina veer right pocket, Mace the
Sharpie into our ‘left pocker. ‘The cediee
se spoon ero the be, amd woke ate
to begin. Noee ubar by changieg che hana!
and premise this rourine car sc
a clear cocks glace or -whheat any cup, ae ex
plained im che FINAL THOUGHTS secticn,

CHAPTER EXGHT * COPPER-SILWER 105

PERFORMAMIDE Remewe the cols. che sabckers,
and the Sharpie. Place a sticker on each of ther
coins, andl have a apoctater ¢ign the half dollar,
Place rhe remaining sicker back ino tbe pock-
er, anil remewe che coin envelope, Beldiogs it
laps aps in che right hase heres chi rape thee
thal and fee rae Finger, Th ah facing:
wou (photo 264). So one sh bbe able te ace
thar there iv a.codn already iin the envelope, Ca-
sually shew boeh handis co be orberwise empey.

Pick up the half dollar, holding ir in che let
hand) ar che pop against abe firs finger
wich the thambs, wich che rea he fengers ex~
teraled arid pointing te the 1 sticker Faring
cucwarl Wik the sade ofthe bls scoone fimper,
pail che Aap of che covelope hack qwand che
wadience (pote 265). ard pretend eo dide the
ein ineo Theerchepe with dhe lef chiesh gph
to 266) Clive dea Meal scrhoes as yd areernpy to
apparcnely push it inoo che envelope, Ceragp che
cnén ouceide the snestone tab the righe thumb:
(photo 267), emeg che belt sop of the ceeclope
with che felt chumb. and. first finger, and pull
the cewelope up and cothe Ieita little biriphate
288) U call chis che Fake Insetion. Lick che flapol
the covelopy tor iFabere fie rape on che Map pant
flip it down na seal che crvelope with she belt
numb Pull dhe enim ines right fryger palm 2
vieii eal dhe creckape, Civic cigars bo fame
‘upectater, ay that he can check go See wuge it
is sealed fared abo feed the ontim inside, wishous
ealling saceeion to thar fier) Mave him pur the
wabed eevvlope ino che calles up,


U8 RUGINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

Be cee et es Wea rer romp
because che

tion andokng
he reaper ee Lio she aris or epiaeaio
adda ta the magic.

[no pinch this rousine can also be performed

whee: np rap, abiceght in te Soph? etre

‘The rouriee senrex in the same way, pretending

the signed half doltar tnen 2 cma he

sal ingle she spate

> Ei

EPSCDInOr 4 the i

ish oy heft
two Tal

wich the right hand, secrecly slid

dollar behind ie. Being ie ewer rhe lefe, hicling

rag ean gta
to dep omre base off the fan

ping palit tinue secre! the: bal
Se en a te He and with-

tet ciple Mp rag ri hi
idea of holding a coin againas the fingers
be ghe coeclope bere

Follow by showing char che ia. till
sealed, open Send somes he dgped Eee
ish penny to end.
STEALTH COPPER-SILVER:
TRANSPOSITION
This rourine is ivorte applicarion For
Sacalth palm. le a very cho tingle
ci tion, because tbe hands ure palm op
show cwo coins. Three coins are
a silver half dollar, amd ram manching
English Pronice. Cne copper coin is im

the right pocket, the other rw coina are in che
lef bel esyiet pase dmesrigorted

dow, te cn be doc th beth porca sand

by ak om mat the ripe hand 1
per bo che e
xigimlly published din in any sore mo Maggie
‘Locture Nopes,

PERFORMANCE: firach bnoo your pockets, finger
raid drig the copper cofn fa teeter har, ead
inging Get the ocher tee eoiee with che helt.
oe ee fo your vpectacor for examination.
ra edie im cc]
ye the be os
che ome and second fingenips.
Fudd car copies wn tir exneruded ick Eimercea,
aeed yo are ready oo begin.
Sherw besks cosirin witb Stoalih-Paim Dssplay, sil

ver on che right and copper an che bef. Ask the
apectater whieh cote he wanes you to use, [Fhe

Sees jor Lic etetesd paleo cae
ars ae ae Heath
eo right hand, left no Befal, Aw

ann bag ge
zo ee
pier flrnaeP acd
er tt chen aw Eger pa
in Sinmlh-Reo Position. Immediarely prese che
poi alongs jaca clastic palon wich the tip of the
tenia
coin be
rma he fg heb
arul with dhe coin, be nt aie
fingers, echoes uneder: his Ears
hiss re ap adi rome cache ear
with your cwn, 20 char che coin is eet seen, Noe
thar [Fhe imevead says he wanes the copper cain,
indicave che coin saying thar it is che one
will use, chen do the same thing with the ai
enim. This i the well-kmown Magician's Chowe.

Cat she xe ad and secretly drop the

the Left bund. In eealley retail che rooin,
gelease the fourch-Fmger grip om the silver cain,
and qoas che aver coin our of Seralth palm

ated ancora fi ‘This way bets hands seem

mony fe de tees tate, “Ihe amc
soil tee asad cane the egg ota. Tan

right-hand palm down, transferring the
Breahihepaliood con ow gin
(Grealth Rea), andl dropping your sihrer coin
enon the copper coin chat be is holding ta endl

ANAL THOUGHTS: This is he cleaness rranspo=
don thar Only ree ening are acen,
ard ahe are unm! emNpCy cmcepe
foe che colrs im eee. The coins con be examined
at che beginning and ax the enc.

UNGIMMICKED
COPPER-SILVER-BRASS

This is one of che rousiines thar | al canny
por agin jn pope dre iAerene
coime, and you can per a evulti-phaw rou-
wine chat is very ii ing because of the cil
ferent coiem. You alse have the opeign of expend-

the nating oven Further, aa Biecuased at the

of dhe rousine, | prefer eo sie this routine
ewer the more coermon nowtines thar employ a

This routine originally a on Volume

peared
Thirwen of che New York Colm Magic Seminar
DVD series, buc | hawe wince cha some aif
he handling to make it more user bri

(CKAPTER EIGHT + GOPPER-SALVER 208

PREPARATION: inorder no perform this routine,
you need a silver half doflar (I wer a Barber half
dollar, ale YOU can wen any type ye lide),
a fay Peemy {I use 2 Quorn Victoria

penny which ii very dark in coder. ‘This
provicles geod concrast te rhe silver coin, bur

Pei ahek od «Chee son ee
en dhe coher colen ie sine. Je can be a real one,
orone of che imitation Chinese coins enade by
several eof magic supplies You
‘will also need a coim puree. | use the Rubinacin
Raccle Purse (a gimmicked purse with coin
gem bneo che lining) ro maler a sound of oaina
in che pumse at che ceed of ther romstine, bus ig ten'e
premade ies es ee
Geubman-atyle clap pone: Place the euéns ineo
the pune, and pou are ready go begin,
PERFORMANCE: Remove whe purse and ask
someone [FP dhey wane no ae your coin collec-
years our che pony and podne oat
you boughe iran a coim snore in Lowden, aed jt ti
alio very old. Finally, memeve che Chinese coin,
and remark har the bole im the oomter wae ao:
thar people could carry che cokna wich chem om
attring sreurd che neck, ‘You gor chit coin wich
no verings artachsed, Table che purse no the left,
aait be needed uacil later im che reurine.

ane middle ng of toa ih fe
pares = Pa i ie
alse worker, Riftingg che coin erat of che heanal aboxe

110 PUBIMNSTEIN COIN MAGIC

Now revome chat movement, lapping the foc
of che snin in the left hand back down
oneo she durin, ac hag abe belt dhamis dizi
ishex on coe of the aly ot and the
beft first finger releases its grip on che coin. This
creares a “clink” of the reocolen. Without miss
ing.a beat, prerend coclip OTH coins wich the
let first finger andi cuamty, bus just clip che fin-
gee together, withour the coins. Tarn che belt
wring anil bift che thesmb: and fire Grigor od aber
enite int che same motion at yor did for the firat
ain, burning che right hand inward a bar so-abar
the coins canner be amen. The coins stay on abe
acon! philinge of the righe second fi ‘The
fee ne ey ake pr ete
then wene back and coupe bed cain os well.
However, be neabir he copper coin,
chen pur jit nigh ee where it scarred during
the prevenac of taking both coins. There i mo
hesitation dering this acto. ‘Take the copper
coin, replace ia (*clink!"), and life dhe hand as if
jee alse took dhe brass ooin.on the reat bras, So
new the ihisiom bs chat a ges Boch in the left
hand, Chane Weft hard Gane a fis, nppas-
adle baking dee ce foreign colee. Say, "and
thar’ che bras, eetich be diferene than che sitper code
which J am poing eo hold over here.”

Peck apie sthver coin-with chen
fires finger and insece it behind
colem msing che Slide Move (slicke-in phase) from
Chapert Five, Beielly, Extend the fine iwo fin
nee with the chussh drag che ecin dawn the
a doward dhe base, Then cul the fingers
with the churdh gip iswert che coan behind
the finger-palmed goina. Comimue co close the
hand inte a fier. Gave both bunds a lint: shake,
~ hs pee Eig coins ro the tips of
the thumb and firs ot using che slide-our
Phase of che Slide Move. Follow by using the Tay:
Load (Chapeer Ten), codrap the silver coin inna
the left hand a yo ig with the twa fk
E ta the i uy
Turn pour 2 ree snd a the
Enperpal ailver edn ete the bane of the
ct fingers. Inemediagely eap ig with che foreign

coing, 10 indicare the coin in che eft hand.

Hold the silver coin at the left fingertips, che
foreign coins at che eight fingertips. Say, “Whos
Pakake my ing ery arrange

The coins change places. Bur it's comfuring bicower f
élosed' boeh hands, ap ir'r hard tose eehar 9 going on
Fare going go dry eo cimplify thin a liebe bie *

thumb and
vw foreign

Table the roo Borel exis in w stack, brass

meu Display the silver cain on che palm:
belt: hand in tiem For porkormimg the
ROPS, more, Per Hat the mayer, sicaling our
the sth con an yor chen the lei hand ince a
fixe Tranafer che sibrer codn te eighe-horal finger
palin after the seeal. Say, “fam going ne holed the
silver coin coer here (indbesee the exen then
form a ai dante ii will de be
mach whe mo coin. Gime me poor
Pal wp: Wanch ar che two foreign cs se wo
Sher while che noo forcige coins are now aver

nit ie wwe forcign coins with your
Leng them in a stack against nie 1st
ingen fingers with che chundh (bras coin

= rhe fingers]. Peston = Thieth Palm
Surinch x follows: Brie your hand ener te
te Shas: Na pe ¢ hand. Tur your righe-
Hand ate down deri palm the fonenge

bending in your fingers amd cli
thea th hha pn the hand pho
49-270). Excend che fingers, dropping the silver
scien on bis right palm. Immedianly bring
your tight hand areer co rour ket hand, curling
c fingers ard transferring ahe coins ao

tip ree. C the fefe hand, place your
patate

: ipa pec
foreiga cetina dom the copper cninh, amd cx
woUE fi inca che lefp bard, ime
the coinsante your left pales (photo 280). Wials-
pobre el gene wae
fm of the spectacer, thers go back and
ttc che copper coin, Place this om his palne as
ery aaned they seiech places again! Aus i's
anil! kind of confurdeg, because we are srill using mew
hands, pours and mine So, bee's simplify chis a bie

inert; sunlit caer bo fouloak™

CHAPTER EIGHT + GOPPER-RILVER 11d

Phase THREE

Take hhovh fn cine at Logeglicialivdh
seack on the fingers of ahr palm=u tha

‘They aceon che middle phabs the right sce-
ced finger, copper on top. The coins are held
agalnas the finger atthe aigha: thembs, Pet-
form che Tursever Double Click Fam (Chapaer
Threch, premniding m place bedh iene abe left
band, bot retaining them in che right. Hetefily,
wi your thuenls bo rach the See Covi Wer Ta

our fret Gnger oo dhae abe uw edge of the
sain extendas the edge of che: finger. The
Lower edge of che coin is auill against 1 brass

coin, Cover the face of the copper coin-with
your palevdown left fire and secomd Fingers,

asping the underside of the colm wish the left
thumb (holding the coin beiween che churn
andl abe beft sccondl dimer),

Pull the onie abous an inch away frosa the right
band and nen your lele-hand palm ug. When
you turn dhe hand palm ap, exeep your left
dhol slong the Gee of the coin 00 pede sean
the frig finger, coimchding wink the hi. Ina
palen-up posicion.

Simultaneous oo your accion of naming the
leftchand. pales upward, you will bogin co ro-
mate your righe¢hand palm downeard, kecping,
your right seit rar ee equim wa that it
remaina against the ei fingers. Vrur right
ihemb shi slightly during shin action, ut be

the epee edge of the coin is held againsr the
firve Eger by che hun, When the ooln
it perperulicular tan i he yabr-ep copper coin, hit
the copper coi ar che-edge tying om che left Hirer
fioger with the lrwer edge of the brass coin

Snap the bras cole ono che face of the copper
coin. Imewdiauly and secretly prasp che odge
ef bork coins with she right a pressing:

them agabnet the righe first finger. Lik che ode~
es of these coins upward, so chat the ‘opis ane

naw icwlar env abe bel fi amd flush
againet the right frit and sccomd it whieh
Bide shes front views Move the Iefg chuenl: over
io couch the middle phalange oF tbe left second
finger, wo thas it | Tike you are holding the
coins in place with dhe chumb. Move yrur tig
hand olf the left palm no che righe, finger palm-
‘ing the cole. Sweep che left shumls ower no the
diss finger, chosing the band in the process. Pack
TT silver colmand place itonee the back of
he Jett: fier Say, “This rime we amr going to place
book foreign coins into the hand. and she relper co
ight ontop. So, ceorehing iin one kanal *

Traniicr che ren fneeagn conn bo Markers Hodting
Pirctiot (ale kien aa the Marks Move, fem the
yt Ed Marlo’: Lecture Noees and first raughs
an this book with che snowe, “dir Depp Click Paes},
as follows: Grasp the edge of the coins closest co

your fimgercips with the thamb, and pall them
upward so thar ane serpeadlioar ta the
palm, held by che beeween the thumb on
one ide, and base of tbe second amd. hire fin

gersar che ogher. With your fingers now free eo
monend, place chem om topok che silver coat.

Hogan bo nikare our iefi-hand pala upward, 4m
ahat che opace berween the left abamb and ferer
finger moves up eo the nop. As the Iefr band ro-
tapes, move che silver coin slong the back of che
Jefe fier with che eighe fingers, andl bee ic fall ito
the space created Ieeween che chumb and foret
finger (photo 284) Close this space by pressing
ake Fett thamb againer the fires finger aa you
conive oo rocase che belt-fie, Withdraw vour
ight hand noche right and close it: ines the Get,
as if it contained the silver coin, Say. “Bor if
eae thesslper coin dead! | bla on it, Tbdera rou
right hand), che silecr sein changer into che ree for~
eign coins, while the eter ein taper beer.”

Li? RUMENSTEIN COIN MAGIC

trae the oes
hand co reveel dhe aiheer

and place
other pe

Place again! Boe |

brane t's ing bert
ing by png snare. fog fn
im follna 5a, isa augs Wife: aie enone *

Pe fax pre
fi
colin, Toe ft from he bef: eo the

(eng thse eportaror’s hand po jain
enka Say, Had phe coins

inehieaat

che purse with dhe left hand and oper i.
ie brass coin and display it on the palm
up right hand resting on the extended firer ame
scoond fingers. Turn your right-hand port in
ward anid ended no he bef, holdin
the oelge oF the a the first Fog

the dkamb, Proved ses inte the
hd a eset hand Bat
retain it heeween che hele frat finger

photos 282). 1 call chas the Pando: Parae Levi,
‘Choe the purse and. pur ic down on the rable.
Say, “Ler's just pur she Chinese code away, ave fer'y
do scmenting wich che copper and silver cote"

hg manhattan) sere

and silver enim wich the
she band. Triad tee inet. che first amd sec-
end fingertips with rye or Pretend na drop

them irae che left hand, bur retain ihe coén thar
fs agaieae the thombs (in decent macer which
owse i bs, bua Bee the esbe or dlisestiien we'll sy
b's the eoirt) and. bach the eeher
com Cin chis case silver) and che bras Goin bare
the bebe haweel. fl caill chia chee Arrka! Supincik, aa yo
arc only swiocksing one of the ewo coins. Truns=

ibe copper coin eo finger palm and ahake che
een cwocoins are heard within che

aE,

Pode che silver cotn our che left hand with che
thumb leaving the brass coin inside, hela in fir

al rte te should be nay po feel whieh eeriti
Fr ich. Hold the silver coin ot the cips of the
thumb, fire, and second be hg Prevend,

ta take it with the right hand, bear under che
cover of the right fingen, exnend che second
finger across che face of the silver coin, chen
‘henel ie inward! ap char the con slides ander the
Jefe churad: (pivete 283) Close pour right hand
around che exteaded belt firs meove it
co che right, ax if tt took che silver coin. ‘Tell the
ipeceod co open hit hand (using the tulle
regha humd oo righe left oo Left) ae

che copper coin (they beleewe ito be dhe aihver
coin), on h eh yobs oprah ere
cain ba cove fingers and can't
be worn paseo deel ceing your righe
thumb cicheenasch har Bigger bend them
upward ta clear hia hand, Continue by rurning
hia cheace peo i As cee aed it

hand from: his, 5:
wrirh mater (zap his bios chet Sa, and

| bags pak cone ager ull ane alist you no
rcoin, eile thee the aiferr exin, ple
ondne fare places again.”

He will open his hand po see che copper coin.
Io the meansi=e, pusl che siferr coin oar of the
left hand wich che chusnhasyou did before, bur
this cieme talke it with ehe right hand and bold ir
at the righe Fngertips (make sunt the brass coin
fant seen in the hand churing this action}, Take
the coin and bold ie wich he siberr in
che right hand, and say, “Howewer conn chough toc
are Gsing only pee cota copper arf sili,

the same sia eect con be confusing. Se isercad of
antag ahe rer che sifver coin, her's ah ari
‘opin, the ieee coin, which we hed! ar the begin
ning of the-shona.”

Phase FIVE

td a ead acacia pam
Fan (Chaprer a ig em bros
cast in Che prema.

eriaed dierent be tedgen een
che chumb and secomd. finges. are lightly
separaied, one against che second tip, and.
the osher Ibeid and ogainar ic with che
Chum, a bis: Burdher dew on the finger.

Open che key hand (keeping the brass coin hid-
den againet che carlol fingers) and snap. the
eo a the anoond fi ip ong
the left palm, the center and the heel of
the left chumb. The semaining coin is retained
in the hand, berween che chureh, secend,

and firs Lift che first finger and wichous

miscing a bear, map chiscoln down righton cop:

en cop of the ocher, When you map che con

doo, 6 shold be on

top oft ha ewe anne, and tha of the chumeb
il fo touch che intersection

‘hand wich che Tarn Lin
esas il we eon ge Enr
now in pest rion, Make sure
ake sg od paring reba
ana char chey fall. ‘Thee ifleston ia chat eeu:
rer ey siresmapnena SL mus i
hand, yet boch are secrerly seofen our iin che act
of chug the hand.

Se kage pon Garg spel facts
in " Aa you with-
closing che lett hand invec a fie, Malis & gesture
and open it eo show ree bras coin, Aa ehe same

CHAPTER EIGHT « COPPIDR-SHVER 113

Kinne, a S008 a the left hand, crane
fer che pip ph wo [Grip an
follows: Clip one edge of the eina the
eee ao thar che coone
are now in a rll ,
il coe Gra ope cs ih
ti thumb, Bri are
pape apharm the brow cola sith the tight
thunth end socondd
coin, metane
stad tar Boge
edge of the

et

z
r
Fey

reach
i down =

74
iF
i

5
il

reel

iz thiZ
ai
Bi
nag!
fae ie
ree Ba?

i
Hi
i
3!
i
cf

re
[J
aH
rE
i: a
sf
:
Py

Et
i E
#
EL
Tis
if

:
i
H
a

tf

i

¥

tial
ie?

z
i
:

if
F

Fs

aE
:
r
ft
{
Re
a)

3
a
it
4
E

ra]

re
i
Bonk
if
iF
i

Tr
F
z
af
+]
i

i
I
a FE

EF

F

#

»

id

=

+t

|
PEee


214 AUBIMSTEIN COoW MAGI:

FINAL THOUGHTS: This iu a mulai-phase rousing,
berlin risca, You can aleo concinsse thee
ot ey ming a Coins Acros with the
tect dificren quan. Eventially, you will per-
form che Tailahasee furipiig Coins, bag with a
different beginning. Seant with abe whee exina
in che righe begin then cae: re a
time by tossing thems inco vour
Firet ochim ie tonsedd teed cha heuat im finger aie
pesition, the other colne a bie go the ade, Toss
thera hack inpo your right hamid, Tetaining, the
farer ooinin Enger palm. Gesure with your left
hand employing the Ramzy Subelery, to chow
the hand empey tocin ix hichlen in linger pale,
aed you ae ready co Pallaw the Tallahauer
Jumping Cotas roaring as wripien,

You can also add yer amovher phase alter the

Coins ae feover. After the last coin
winds up ors hand, cake alll the
enirts in the i cL ied peti tb Boas
‘Take, to make Ehsne cobra raellc Ar ses

in the right rit no fiegcr. pralen, «| to
Sowhere palin Pick upethe purse and aleerp out
the coins the Par Coin Dump, shimang
thas che cole pesuried eo the grure: where
they were at the beginiving of the peatine, tered,

As an havorical fier, Ramsay

‘original oo Ramage. Sephan Minch dado:
scription of chix concealment in acelin vanish
froma Niverdber iqagissucof The Magic Wand.
The vanish wing thie subybeiy was atertbuped oo
Heari Hermatm, who taught it te abe azibor,
«LHL. Sharer, in i.

OlL AND WATER

This ft a romting yhag adapes s commen card

plot te coins, Harvey Roserahal was the fire 00

pec tle wich eo, bn Ma poutine CHE
and Quarters from Karl Fulves’ Close-Lip Folie

aa. | bave perfonmed several werstons of this ef:

Feet, hue | was never satisfied whah che

unsaid che handling included here. be originally

onmy gor’ Penguin Live Lecture Two
See

PREPARATION: You wall neod three worn {alt}
silver Barber half dollars, and cheee- worn scht"}
copper Qcen Victoria ar King Courge Bi ee
pennies, The sadey are emonth ao chat they:

mike mole wher subbed again cach peal
You All as eed wget rade of duplicascs

of the coins you arc using. The duplicanes are
soldored together in a itack, alrcrearing 0p
pet and. silver coin All the coins. are keeps i in
a Geshman-sryle coim purse in the fall
order: ‘The three colt, fellowned by ehir
theee olver cofne a ni finally, sear
Keep che copper side of the stack mesz oo abe ail-
ver acpi easy lee fog
purée yes can cell w ste! na. Laer,
yea will pith a-small re lighter, placed
into your right pocket. Tur che purse into your
left packet, end you are ready co bogin.

PERPOAMANCE: Ture to your audience anal cay,

“The onker 1 ra See CN
friends, und we alll fud!.a tinee, for! AfaDan-
ald bad sows parm. Miry Gata Bede Lama anc he

bur she ida aha. Fo rhowgke phar wud ree
Doctor Gobow ordered a sreak medlaen rare
and 2 haked poram, When it anioed, ir was fut
pay rd ll ate nny all sein
em 4 om
and bey, esis sance.  iooked atthe rpecial an
ane thar obey only had a choke of secah or waked
‘When f complained to che waters, she ori char f
could efeher soeuk ir ow [eof tel J arukvrd che said,
bon ir came wink no dressing. only sown oll aril et
ter. Nowe, ol! ane weer fuer does noe mix, and I ase
suing oni.”
Remove che pours: from yoar pecker and make
eat the dix opie, leaving the whdcred stack ime
aide, “Table she purse tothe Ick, Scpanice che
Coles, avd Fan chers out at che Fingertige of each
hand so cher the sudisnes cas see three
fn che Left hand, and thee silver in thc oe

Place the: three cuir ina verebrall row
om the bef side table, und ahe akree xil-
> histin ina vertical row on che dike,

andl chrve silner coins. Bur lev nee
si le prs a tof

Phase ONE

Pick up one of che cols with the Left
hand, anil remark what it nepretente ofl Thas dr
onto dhe base ofabe sigh fimgrrs. Pick wp a sileor
enim and explain shar it nepoceccins wane. Toss it
intothe right hand, on cop al the coppercoin. As
vou pick up asether coppen enim, elo the fie
gen and secrcly cum the coiesover se ghar hey
are now om your pale, copperside ug. Upen the

fingers just enough vo now in a coin, Tess rhe

com into iby hanul, so ir eral ap an eps
af i acher copper coin. (Chuc the right hard
aad tern it pala dort, oi thar ike quien curtis
aver and wind up back onthe lingers, silver-sade
up iphoto 284) Pick ep anciber sibver coin ard
fei. Le ineo the right banal so choc it lands om cops
af che silwee coin Again, chose the hand ond curn
le owes, a0 ahor dhe smack now Iles back on che
palm ac dhe base of che fingers. copper-tide up
iphote 285). Repeat ches actions with dhe next
copper, then the iver cain. Each time you pura
onan in che hurd, say “nil or “parce”

Whew all the opie ore is the haved, renttark chia
Gil anal mater den'e mai, IE yen thake che ecole,
the off will etic te che agp. Tarn the elgha fier
pelm ap so char che ceins ie on che palna cope
pereiide Ll the bund and then ye ir,
ablewing the coins oo kde down the fingers
wink che coins om top, Take che

cobne ou oPthe right hand ana place them bark
in a row at che left side of che cable. Mace the
silver coins in a row ac ibe right. Make sane chaz
all the coins for the same war, with either all
the beads side or all ehe cals sik: of cach color
fackng in rhe asme direction.

CHAPTER (MMT = COPPER-SILVER 115

Again, scare thar you are pring ts mix up the

coins, Pick chem up, sibecr wich che right and
copper with che bel, Far them oug with bork
thanda seul imucee the sileer coien heqween the
copper coins and squiee thee up. They shwuld
now be in an slteraring stack with copper at
the born aeed-silver at che pop. Spread. then
aut on the right hand feos che rips of che secs
onl and thir fingers back co che pulm, eo char
the audience can see chat they alternate (che
copper coin bon che boceom: agains che fim-
gercips and che silver coin in on cop. el

the palm. aa im photo 286). Preeend oo gather
ali ee aw your belt hanes bar aie
bypart a eer EWal Onin ep tha exvire
ibind froen the beseom icine agua all
whe ewins abewe the boron tw again che
righ babe (photo 2B7). The honor eo eoiere
atc on the finger, hidden ly rhe back of
ae lefe hand.

126 PUASTEIN Conn MAIC

Ture sot hands over, hodding the wack in bele-
hound SpclGbound poricion berweren che tips uf
the thumb and firse nwo Fingers, copper-ede up
(pone 88) The ew Tier the righe burned
are beld in right finger pabm, silver ooin factng
sugwank Mare your ‘leit themb on che aller
cuvin ard pull ic hack as you extend che neu fin:
pets, ad chat it overlaps only the back halfaf che
Copper coi (photo 269) Bring your right hand
aver bo the belt. Cover che sea! with your right
fingers. Secredly rest che drone half of the copper
cobn on the stack aed dower che wight theambs was
thac the silver coin slicks wader ihe sack (pho
fo 200) Mowe both hands in a quick upidown
motion, sliding thr cop cum completely
emia the Face of the drack, amd whe slkver coan
samplrocky underneath the sack, Withdraw the
right hand and turn ir pal up. Say char wich a
ice shake, she oil tises right to the top

Bide che ropespper enim off the stack wish ghey
extended fingers of che palmaloewn right ara!
ami pur bedown ow che alte po che righs, Pre
tend co male the mest copper coli olf che sack
but execuce a double litt eo slide off boeh the
copper coin and rhe silver andernesth, Slade he
silver coin hock coward the base of abe (a
with a right chundh (phew 280) and a
just che depp coe et bop ol ibe T cole
already on che ezhle, Move vour right hand owe
tothe ack eo bide alF che lat capper cuin, a
the saci time seened ly lowering the chuenh and
Ee the diver coin urbemieash the mack as
ifore. Remove this last copper oom and place
iron cop of che others. Far ous the remtaimin
three silver colnt ard plaice them dawn en abe
sable roche Wit.

Phase THREE

Move one of the copper oains oo che ceneer of
the rable and place a silver coin om cop. Pace 3
second copper coin on rop of the silver fallewed
ley another siheor, Continue oo alernate hens
unell all che coins arc in an alnernaring stack,
silverson nop, Pick up the parse with your ket
hard and open the claspewith vour right dbatdis
noe let asntes ape the sebdcred sgack thar is aril
inside Pick apehe seach with vour a hand,
Henning the onion at che fimyecriipa af ¢ ahomls
and firs. wo fiegers (phabo294). ‘he sites cain
soar the right ond innermost. Pretend oa A

all of the cofns into the pars: bur setais them
fn the righe uring a slighe vartacion af my Ball


Doan Rerencion Rise (chapacr Twa) ae follows:
Bring the vertical fan over te she i ph Pa
purne. Tur foal gris downward is onder no
the cairis inside the purse, ar the same time
Hating tha righe she of the pre with
the bornom won of the fie and polling che fan:
closed wealnae las side, Aw soon ae the coins roll
Ineo a stack, the coins deeper impo she wij
fingers. (Gurl your second finger, balamcing 1
coins ina Fingentip-neet posirim, andl temic
your hand frova che puree. Iemediacctr close the
purse wish your left hand anal shake i¢ Grom che
¢lasp, uo char et seeme the eoins were dumped
triage tae pune. ae pen See ele puree, secretly
puah che ooins bn whe hand eo finger palm.

Explain chat ifvou shake tc nec hard, the oil and
warer doar separane. Inscead, they become per
manently mixed. Open che clasp wish your righa
thumb and fire finger. Turn your lett kanal over
aned ber che sal wack drop angn the table:
Chou: the puri anal rable itt the lof.

Pak up the anldered sack with your heft feared
Toss it inne the ip and couch fy to show chat
the coins have afl Fused together in an aleer-
nite Fashion. ‘Whe seuck shiner at chix
pole ifyou with Take che sack with your right
thumb ard firse finger, Say chat chen iconby one
wav.to unfuar the coins, You ane mera ger

a
usta niccambelery of Mike Galle, Show sysrar belt

hand cmpyy, chem ncach inge your left pocket eo

get sooscching, Aa pou reach ine vour pecker
phe 7 Palm Such (CI

Five] as feller: curr right-hased pales [es

ward, Reig che atldered stack ain ehe ball of the
firak finger ane release the ghismb, Lift che fore:
hunger and the crack righ ine the cranch
of the thumb where ir ie Amgle ()40) palmed.
Reemmve yous felt used ereypry unel say, “Wks ire
over here

Immediately place the tip of your chum agains
ithe Encl hinge ut
right-hand patra dew. Hace the coins (atl ina
stack) -aicle-ups into left-hand Spellborn
position, beteeer the rips of the chums, fiese

fiegers, Imencdiarely deop che sol
dered stack one abe Sse St ne He me
reach into your night pocket, the stack in
the packer and Tring our the Ble bighrer. Aone
iue this subeleay gives yeu a geason co crane
fer woire fromcee hand to anocher and pur dhe
ouber hand ineo whe puoket cc gecrid oF the gall:

CHAPTER EMGHT * COPPER-SILVER 117

Say, "This da minkecure flame ehirower, alee dross
axan ongmic flashlight, alo kncar as x portable
fic of the week! They used oe hane a heapicr model,
bet rome pacy mand ato Gites fighter, Bur Jean une
thine the magnetic bonds”

Tem on the lighter ard wave the flame under
the evans. Drop whe ooies ance the base of che
lingers 2+ you clone the hand inno a fee The
coins muke a sound ay they Shake che

hand again, iecting the coans rane. Mace the
lighter ompo the You ape raw poring bo re
peat the initial separation Troms Phase

Oper avin. ote & the right fengers,
Thusab olf che nese eis (silver) bane che eight

hazel, on eopeal che eegped dotn, As 1.
thon eff ehe mean | oon, < ae
gets andsecrenly Hurn coinwover so thar chey

are new on your palm, copperside up. Open
the fingers ately no pot in thee eset

per coin. Close the right hand and pier
down, so char che coins ham over and wind up
am the fingers, sibeer-alde up, Follow with the
silver enim, chen the copper, uncil all che cxien
arc ibambed off ier she right hand. Wath each
enim, say “oll, wares, onl, weer” uneil chev ave alll
placa inde the right hand. Mace the chumdh an
abe face of the cop silver coin aed narn che sight

hace wwer. Hace the stack aside up nao
left-hand Spellbound inkoes anid corer them
whih the eorended “gh Moke a slight

ar swe, “Bur

Pp ipa be ivr rege peat et
 ptoe theme, in
wee

Tull cach cain off che stack ome at aciene
and par it oe the cable, Fan: the rentain-
ofp ad place them dawn an the
sable to end

FINAL THOUGHTS: “Ihe Ashes Shyer Ces ate
nels Bee ba ai cist dis, Whe Cralls Sob
let meosivarive for prleckog che stack (nro
pe tune bral art srr
inca the left hand. ‘The ending of the oil rising
teche cop ene list rime it anunespected kicker,

118 RUBINSTEIN COM MAGIC

aes

Eee

MATCHBOOK TREASURY REDUX

This sa racher comples rourine, with a lot hap
pening. The effect encails a produccion, crams:
position, vanish, and multiple appearances in

woodiffcrent impossible kocanions. It ales uniliae
tha enw way po help semember whore the oxtins
are in the hands, 1 originally published a part

ef chin routine as. Mare Tenetu Jume
1 besa ak Ay . The entire routine
appeared en Valumie Fifteen of he New Verk
Coin Magic Seaninar (VD) ageiea.

PREPARATION: In order co perform chit rou-
tine, you will need! a worn ("soft") v En-
ish pense, a worn (sole) silver Barber half
rand a duplicate af each onim. ‘The sides
seneeok id af there i ne noise when che
aurlaces ane rubbed apaieng cach other, You aus
fied a matchkes: thot oper ard choses cniG-
ly, and yeu must be wearing 2 watch om your
left eorter with a sibeer band, Place a doe om whe
side of the march box cover eo indseae boch,
the open side of the deweer and where manch
heads ore becuse. Place che duplicare copper
and gilver coin into che matchbox. You might
ced to remove some matches to make room for
the coma The matchbox and copper coin are
af vewr felt pocker to begin. The silver ooin is
in eine eae ie ae ee to be
adi! Mandira, wit Rateere REIT bo
pour right and rg ie bi

Move chat the drawer of the maoch baw becomes
nuach easter ence che coins are placed inside
Habe dmveer opens amd closes poo easily, che
weight of the col night caute it pp open at am
inane: time. Experimene wich a feve bax
eavuneil = ind one thar opens are choses cally
‘ersceagh for che first part othe rousine yet won't
open ancapectedly during the performance.

PERFORMANCE! Turt bo yout ipectarore anu
aay, “Wt eee fused find P aiceeune oer Nhat

vrei $a, har | have ore ie aenerhing
ofa marly”

Reach i Lita your ah erie Fin sil palm the coins
‘bri

in cach hand pranchien, plac.
pibrsoleag bart re open ulcatihe drawer
should be facing up, and che heads af che manch-

eaancen che befs sibe, The serike side of che coe
ef should be Facing wou, The dot yor placed on
the cones should help you te laos the box inthe
paOper pesivice (photo 292 hens che box in
comect penciion, open os chat the matches arn
coins can be geeel Comenens ghar hii cone
freen your Gavorine restaurane. Pick ie up with che
heft thumis and firse finger on the shore sides 1

the box closed Place ir into che righ hand
as bollws: Exnend abe right fingers. che left

ape meee abe fourch finger inward a bir no make
a ledge: Lect dhe bower she silver ooin al
an this dodge onward the: cipoof the fourth Finger.

Place ghe tex ines the right hand, so dhar the
heer crud ed the drawer ioahes she appor edge
of che ewin (photo 293) Whe marches in the bow
thee you amd he heads of the macches are ar the
op. Hold irageiner he fingers with ahe thumb,
Say, 9 bape rhis became irr a maggie march fo, APT

mushe « magic geveure, ir opens bry Irself™

Phase ONE: Covn Praductian

Poine your left first finger az the box and madi
small, circular medions Use che righe chur to
drag the cover downward a upowith che
fearth fieger, causing che coin oo push up che
deawcr (phots 2M) Choc the drawer opens as
tach as you cam pet by pushing che coin, carn
the lefi-Raral pales deer: and grasp the cop of
the open drawer with che Eele thumb snd first

finger. ‘Turn the box sa it ww howiincnsa,
ibrawer operon bev abe bef Hos ihe niger eral. oF
the box with ite right fengers, with the chumly
oo the side choseag no pu, and feee finger om the
opposite side, The scoonad finger fs nexe no the
Greer finger, bur just usder the bow (photo 285).
Open hie bow a be more, eo yond can pce our @
mach. Hf che half dollar is mor cocably hidden by
the cower, chat's OK, iris bridden by the box and
Fingers. Make sume cehe coins in the box can't
be seen. | often ciit che box a bit ward me,
so beeween my fingers om either aide, and the
light tilt, the xing inside the bon are hickden.
Rentark ¢ e's ot che thom char is enagical, ia's
the enacches thar ane magical

Beach ine che box wih: pour heft thumb and
fet Finger and remove a march Hold che
match berween eb: first ond second fingers in a
the box-with « A
causes aber silver oxrin
mio an aloes cller-
prip like pasision, held by the rim with rhe
thumb on one side, the intonection betwoen
the sides oF the frag and second fingers on the
other iphote 296),

ih and firs: owe fingers, cover facing you
and the enike side of che box facing left (phate
297). Squeeee che box a bis co keep che drawer
frown mwing. Ddepley tbe bos bey cumming your
right-hame pale ao the aedience os thay the
sarike. she of the bow faces cugwaril, showing
your right palm om be empre, The coin in eufiee-

ipelike position is hidden by the box andcan'e
ac econ [peas SSH)

CHAPTER EHGHT + COPPER SILWER 119

120 RUBINSTEIN COIN MiGnC

Setke ike march on the box thea pur your
ik down, Place the Bem cnc abe
ao thar the matches inside che box fer
wade of the bow are parallel te
Se ecde the able. Mow our che match,
tier oe Barina
t F ro che fingertips, apparently
prockacing i ig from che smoke, As attention is Bo
eared. on your right hand, krwer your belt hand
und hs Po the match om che Moar, Being your
let Fea ups pathing ube copper ener te
teal be th (a Finger. Say, "The
march abo becomes u code, hich ira preery good!
asarchuyp, wouldn't poe sare?”

Phase TWO: Copper-Siver Transposition
Rernark that now chat you have a copper and
diher coin, vou can dea bir of magic, needs

whenever you put coins ime sass people

Forget at ky fal halide wich oie,

five un example. Hering she left bard ever to abe
5 in tronc of dhe silver voin. Bxtend the

second, chind andi fourch fingers and wrap chem
arcana the reise thang dmpras
ver coin our the right Fingerri in
completly inco a Aer, Take che in T oe
with the right haned and ‘daeeoariche atta
ig as well, Heenach shat whenever vou made 3
mapical gesture (make a nsacton of the bands
revolving around each oeher a9 sisee ahha, ft
cofitel people and they couldn't remember
where the cole were.

Juk yourspectator onyour right where the
per aap i mast a ae
right wens IF bee abocantt, the &
nah diiupleviey: the sae he ti nf
ube firse finger aise chu abe befrchanad
jes lta eee the diver sate Tunes chee righ
Bind palm down and mg the silver coin with
the copper coin, showing where iris. Noce thar

chese mewes are important, because chey will
duplicate actions you nocd oo doa bic liver in
the routine, Explain thar whenever you did

the breakdancing, weekd lose ibeie fe
cut and wouldn't remember which hand wuld
held which coin. Baryou reabieed thar chere was
a way oo tell the hands apart.

nt hold hoch. ootiee ine a dinplay at the
Paps thumb and first fimger, in the

[eft and sibece in che right, As before, bain,

left med ereer to che right and cake the Ses
qin, chnsng atl of ina fat. Point io the
band of your waeel on your left warner with the
right firs: Finger. irae that your wach hha
a dlver band, mm lo casy co remember thas
ihe silver cain iin ibe eli hard.

"Take the copapee ecan ‘with the right and close
it inco a Gist around the cote, Show chat even
iFyou now do che Macarena Imowe your arms
like you ary dancing), will be able co
remember which hard which coin. Ask
again which hand holds che copper qin, He will
arnt sav’ che ri Slie-ollang a dsech ed of
che churns 6. Oper your leftetarl
palns wp, carn your a hand palm down, and
tap the siberr ooin. Remark thar now chat it's
eayy eo tell where dhe enien will be, pou can dea

litle bie-of eagle

fav the coins again at the cips.of the dumb

aie fingors, in che left and silver im
the right. Aang the Ieft hand orecr ta rhe Sd
“That ime you will pretend ne take che ai
rth nd right second, ayes and —

re. Under the cover of che
oT a ee lr fester sn oon
call cvinixn the right phoebe
300). Close your left hand kd rion to the
lef as if in. comrained the silvercoin. Paine eo the
vextch winh the left fire finger. and say, “Remem-
hey ailper watch, per opin”

CHAPTER D1001T = COPPER-SRIDR 2a

Take the copper anit with voter right hard, Ex-

peube che alide-in phase of the Slide Afoor (Chaqe
tor Five), pucting it behind the silver voi ac fol-
lowe Hoend ube first own Fingers, and wich che
thor drag the coin down the Rapers toward
the base, ‘Them curl rhe diegens and with che
thumb dip insor the coin behind che silver coin.
Continec to chou she barkd ives a Get. Mtake a
reugical geiure with che hands explaining that
this tise vou willl mule the opine e polices.
Open the right hand and perform the elidke-cur
phase of the Shir Move co push the silver coin to
the tips of abe chums and firer finger. Perform
the Tap Load (chaprer Two) described briefly aw
rethe Hring = ri hpi the left
in fog fe han Dire
fin, paid copper vin oetibes eebise She
Ife Fees Inemeisecly tap the copper coin
with che silver coin, to indicate che coin in che
feft hand. The scdiems yeu cook twice before wm
demonstrace how you placed the rane sil-
ver coin into the hard mimic exacey che mowce

you just wand oo ewitch rhe cams,

Explain shar dhe oo che watch os the bef wrist,
ir is pew cay to ane the magic. En fet, you will
do it again Repear the same moves eo wie
the coane (make cure via Ba ibe veords, “vile
march, silver coin” after vou apparently rake che
silver coink, finishing with the Tap Load of che
copper ooin ino the belt hand. Ak iF they biked
it. They should say that they did, Use che Mike
CGrallle fine, “HP you Rap faking it, #8 rope alsing it.”

Phase THREE: Coins to Matchbox

Perluers ghe sare actions it, uettal view

te the part where: loah coins ae in Habohent
finger palm Sav, “You beow, somerienes. | eo
Pur or ay march. And chert een | fume en
recmtihevieg thick hana Aedde witioh nein. Uff doar
remicnaber, che cokar willl fuer vamish.™

Beecuee the Cres Arms Subslery (Chupaer
Fixeh, transherring the finger-palmed coir vo
Nowhere palms as-you cross your armsdrighe am
under the left} in a geeuare, rubbing che rs
of cach hand againet che thomb in a onambing
meqion, ‘To pur the coins ino Nowhere palm,
rasp the af che oaina cloocat em the Firat
ger with the dheaml, and lover them upward
eral ower no alse chind finger, Curl tbe chind fin-
afoul dhe rims of dhe opie ard move the
oak off aise. edge, which pen hens lato Noe
where palm. Uneress che urns and open bee
hands showing a complere yarich. ‘The right
hand opert owand the sudéence, wich the first
rent Fingers extended eumwand. The onine in No-
where pale can's be sorm,

Explain char even if they vaniih, they never po
pox) Fe, En caer go fied chem, yout jut have 10
use f tmatinaion® Crap che left aide of
ca ty the long dicks with vour keft chum
and first Linger and lift ig up fem whe cable a
gouple af inches. Tile the bow bey lowering the
oppeaite endl. During this action Tet che coins In
Nowhere palm fall back invo finger palm. Shake
the boo From side om sicke. The drawer will come
down, revealing the copper and. silver coins
(phate 302), Tilt the bos even further to drop
them ous of che bos and oe che cable, Make
sare the matches dee’: fall oat wich the emir,
ph 2 be ir er pe ah
iv the sim af el =palmed guise!

ie fouurals ih oath the iframibs ated be
ver the onind aqreand. Pree the opposite clon of
the coins againer che intermectm cen che
sides of the firse and second lingers, so thar the
coles ane now hebd in an ipelike pasiciom
beeween the chumnb.on ome edee, and innersec=
phon berween che slides of the frst amd second
fingers at the osher edge (phe HOR) You are
sail holding abe helt end of dhe bos: Lift che

122 PRUBGNSTEIN COIN Mago

flower side so aha the bow is horizcenal wish the
ihawer remaining open to the righs. Bring your
right hand over no the bas, palm Aid with
fingers expended co che lef, When the coins acc
aver the open drawer iphoto 308), drop rhom
iewade aed imesediancly chowe the box. Whis is the
Mawhbee Lead Ack 2P hie leoedd thas, Use the Gal-

lo ling again, “Ifyou beep dking a, PM beep doing ir.”

Pick up che cobs off whe ible with the eight
har Perform che Tlrmever oe (lek Pass
{Chaprer Twol, a4 follows: Hold che eoina
wpaared on the middle phalenge of your right
acound finger, copper coin om cop. The righe
hard in sale wp. wich Fingers expended po tbe
left, Mace your right thambon che cencer of ibe
copper coin. Using your chumb, push the nop
Soin eer te yor finest Rieger, ie that che upper
edge of che enim extends bevemd che edge of she
finger, Gover the face of the copper coin with
your palm-lown befi fire and second fengera,
penne the umiersile of the oom with che
oft chum (eben chipping the coin berween che
thumb and ibe left second finger)

Ball chis clipped coin about an ech away frons
the right hand ard cure your beftshand pales
up. When you turn che hand palm up, sweep
verr left thamls ality, the fice of the colin ae
feat againat the first linger, coinciding with the
hand in a palm-ups peaitiem. Say, “Thus copper,”

Simulanecus oo your accion af tarning the
left-hand palm upward, rocace your cighe-hand
palm dewrmward, keeping your nigh ibsarals an
abe silver coin amd pressing che edge agiinse she
fest fenger: Wichour moving che sight shumb,
apap the silver coin emeo the face of che copper
ecvin, Say, Yond phar’ alleen,”

Imenciliseety and seeretly grasp che of
bok coins wich abe sight pi tb Ha
edges of these coins upward, oo ahar dhe quinn
are now perpendicular oo che lele fiegere anal
Alurh againse the nigh dimer and second fingers,
which hide them frooa view. The lower edpes of
the coins ane ail couching: rhe left first finger.
Mowe the felt thems over co touch the micelle
phalanges of che left accom dimger as iF ie bell
ithe coins, Withdraw the right hared andl slide
the lefe dbeantb ups aa the Fire ager ai you clase
your hen ineo a five. Retain che coins im righe
finger palin

Ak your epecnicor cen che helt ena, tar When
be says "go", cxeend vour lel i tai ual easels
your steve, which exposes your wack. Chen
your heft hand amd say, “Gor.”

‘Tur teepour epectator on the leftand use dhe Al
Coshraan line go say, Sthow om”

Take a step back and grab your keh wri: with
your right hand (photo 304), Pree abe uy

edge od the finger-palmed cat sigai nag ean
linger with the chamb, As ewe spectator reach-


cs For the bom, ariclc the lower edge of the coins
unier wour waech (photo 305 show: an exposed
whew), He willl open the box no find the two
coins inside, Have him reve the coin aml
hose the bus, Ak birt iF be Hiker! chart, Thi cine
say, “Well, sanoh chi,”

diesels eran

lefthaed palm up and cxecunt che
Rae: Bowble Chick Puss (Chapter Chae}, de+
somibed brielly as follows: the kopir coin
onto the felt palm, beoween pees sal the
beelof shee tett theambs, Say, “Thar's cypper:..”

Hold the her coin berween the tips of che
thumb and second Anger, Smap che si

down right ost top of the copper coin, ao they
en gel one nope ht

Weer me the coin dive, your sot
thould be on nop ef che di pio
mee | of che churn slide back vo.
touch the ierersrction berween the uy and
moldy eee eee ‘This ee
sentially the potncing posltion’ of the right hand
in he deser descrigaion oF tbe Fe FOULS moor.

Begin to chue the felt hand. around by Bier
Awahe hand seares revelove,

af the bornom coin with ip er perp ard
secretly lever both coins upward qo a venical
posision. They will resr againsr she ball of che
seco finger, ae wich rhe ACLES. ene. Congin=
ue as if you were the ROLES move,

erg
ar, a band and bringing the coime our
al the with the right, the coins finishing in
right fi position, Ask your spocraror
hae bovsay, “eo” He will aay Spe", and pou
Reng nas thar the coins
fac mebbel.

‘Hove: hien epee che boo, bur he vill Fred i eo
cis tom lg poo hel ty the

coins to an lice postition, held by whe
i aphaoar ie uate bod
Se oper drveer poisring

tobe right. rita right position,
or iF the sprcraror closed the Ie take ir with

the left hand andl act itt rhe

Load in the enice wich Seaakborata res
chee ibe ha. Look at your specracers when you
crease the mae aking the bea od tbe bee.

CHAPTER EDUHT + COPPER-SILVER 153

Say, “Whey arc nor in there, erate
ging to deca rhe earch: | aakd, “Wase
hae book ie mic ah a

Ture ewer your left hand and shoe tbe coins
wniler the waech, Remove them with the right
beinad, Say, “Boe shia din'h ao tripk abour marches, iy
at aick mathe Ane ahem f anteted, | took
the silver avin and held! é here, anal ohe copper coin

or

Phase FIVE: Ending

Hold the woins as in tbe bseginai ad the pau-

tine, bey che oes tipeahee win first fingers,
in your left, snd silver im your right. Ax

ee ee re ie nee tes

eoure ube Ramsay Viamish, secretly al

dalvec cot fall orion ioe base of he “ae

‘Cleac your left hand and move into the leit as if

it eostained the Glver coin. Point no the warch,

ac: penmeeninnlnnionl

bieehete f eaght hand, Exe-
bios a in phase Slide Mowe, jar
ir behind Le aes a
bnoo a Fist.

Make ical inh boch hands wine

Execupe the Crosard Army Subpley, crenaing the
arms and ingening the evine isto Nowhere
paris! Make cnaml hg rer andl apren the
ands co ahow chat have vanidhed, Tur
1 your spectwror and say, “When hep vurtial, ee
jhaw hawe rouse our inaaiowt” Shur eee”

Transcr the coins co finger palm. Hive your
igecarer open ibe box oo reveal the owo coins

tao enil

where a evin ix held by eat ioe
on one side and he intersection ihe
ables im fies cone Renney ste be
che precursor to thse Eig pepe
larined by Dravid Bonk. i ppt
Hugard's Colm Magic, within whe murine
Oime and Half Bolle Vanish Roch mowed oie
ee ot ie rete ine: Betas tle fon eel
rst orice hada
modem iom kre as
pa chelate at =


A trick is ready to perform
when you gain the confidence
to perform it without failure.

Or, Michie! Kabir


Chapter NINE
WILD COIN

TWILIGHT ZONE WILD COIN INTRODUCTION

HISTORY: This sextine and che variaciees char follow, were originally released ax a soparate manuscript
im aoas, The fine reaaine was used on season fee of che Penn and Teller Fool Us TX. chow, back in
anf. The albesquenct eeriaione ape io perform this cfloce under ditherene rag siguations.
V have been doing difftrent verstons of this murine fir aver yo evans, with che frst worsen appearing
in ney og Magic Castle Lecoure Notes and my epi Knockout Coin Magic [V1 set, There have bper

many t handlings thas were relcascd in my qoces and on DVT throughout che years, They
suciliced cil sift ree rhea er poi rat within che comtext of the nourine wifered
hore were ine! to pive the best and moat secure angles ina room full of TV, cameras, and present

tre cher bene way on TW

Hiseorically, che Wild Card yout created by Hlofpinser circa 1847 and pur inca pring in wqio,
In hik niusine 2 anal Pe el ePhth dead btvacdoon rita cest cee
alk. In 1958 Boor ojohe Hamman published bis handling with ungalfed cards. In rgéa Peter Kane
pluc ino prina his idea of perlorming the rourine wich doubly-feced candy, Frank Garcia shen marketed
pay lace an Fecved Ber acucroded falthough credited Larer im his book) handling, char
he "Wik Cand",

hi Frank Garei: ned ta Father Cyprian hae che plow could be applied se coins. Farher iy=
eh ak at vereion ines his s98c heerigheel acl Clea, stad iE wil coine Hic version used

ihr cain, anda shell. in his version, fear coins Placed one at a time ina
hay rete as secciog sliver eer each ey aneaher silver coin ithe silver coin was analogous
te the creek che “wilel* eared

lndependkenely, Al Schneider ALSO pur ier print arourine in hie gto book, Al Schmcider om Chow
Up. called Tri Change, Al appreached chix plos from avery different fer withoura “wild exin®,
and developed chit routine co demonscrabe his onulti-comm lapping cechniqac. In his rtine {using
galfed coins ax welll, the coins change one ara time free siheer te = and at aclimas, bo hing
Even hough i: wasntr called Wild Coin, ic bear fie che description o the plot as it is known cody

126 RUDINSTEIN COUN MAGIC

Emer Dundd Roch. He beard abou che Cyprian routine and several handlings. Cne ver:
sion wich o purse, and one wich a cup, first appeared in che 1p BR Kawfnaan book, Coinmagic.
David's routines were ungaffed and were alas called Wilt Coim (although like the Schneider version,
no extra “wild coin” wae employed), Vordon One wied a cup (like the Father Cyprian version), four
aalver half doflars, and ame Engl permy of the same size, By using the cup, David was-able co
magically change cach half dollar to A and chen drop chem ingean opaque cep, where they were
assumed co be copper tbur were actually che half dollars Jobe Sewek Winse chp om soy
ene copper.coon im che resting and allowed for some very cleas changes: Aga bonus, David was

0 pee a change acuhe end, magically craneformsing the coins lewgancly back res slwer as
they wer Tac oF dic cup Utkitche Putman vernlonh Thott: wea aban na pox rid af dhe Ge
pi lhy eleher Lapping (as ic-was first described im print), bokding ont, or by hiding che coln

the cup.

rom rea ripe pl prelate i Tal likiod Bavid Rodh’s
bagel soluasier ith chet xp ur wapicel po fed way bs ein chee wile erm scans
As such I developed ery own versions, which mimicked che Kosh idea of axing one coin tn effectuate
yg vim wibe Abe esp iene bp 7 ip dite at a gisve, Enter
pokd. This was to provide more contrast 1 che changes. In additsen no che change, shiere was
anemphasiv on che change of value, from worthless copper, 1 In addiction, | offered a sobation te
pecfoemn the nourine 32 up, and ver end clean. | wold lite 1 thank Milo Gallo, Curtis Kam, Al
Schneides, David Roth, and Jim Ferguson for cheir help in finding all these references, and in provid:
ing compest for che kderory.

Allmy rourince used as pater a receling of an episod of the dlanic Twikght Zone TV chow, wing
eon magic to Mlesbrate the store, The idea of shee Twilighs pro ae moat al fi
bly was inflacnood by witching Ponce Samockiny back im che o's, peeform the murine Wik! Cand, using
patier thar was on the envi, Invasion of che Beady Snatchers.

The trick laself' rook abour a minuse or se co perform, and the panter lines were short anil oo the poinr,
just set che premise for che rourime. The RICE occurred when I was invined coperforns icon Pena
amd Teller Food Us, Season Five. Annick for char needs co he meary, and lase oncund frve micares,
Fsent the producers the basic version | had done on ery DVD bur cold them | had o version.
Vveguld use in a formal show {1 didetth, and a diffrent ending char would fool Poon and Teller, They
imorpdiancly wrote back asking po sce chia longer versie, so | rook ghe weockerd and came up with che
genes of the routine thar Uended up performing on the show.

Albougls | lowed che version f had been doing for year, | vest concerned with camera angles for ene

of the moves, sri img the parter to Brabie che cick longer and apse interesti aed changing dhe:

I gor rid of the pois Aideiy cui, ah me Lat ane eyo Saale re ‘Teller

Le ee ecaeee Peron i enirenia negate Sy tg 8 benporeeamt: ching wart tey bog

Pippen bar aay ng ascent wel ok aga en You pring
whose sole inverest is crying un you ing 0 scucbying che-vickeo:

of the parfomeronoe nei Ninn Whe, vex ced to chink cade ts bax

Yhe nearing tok shape oer three morhas ‘The initial scrips waa wrincen, bor wish ingar from Mane
Dechoara and Paul Coecrtner, | sercamlined the introduction, | nooded so.cut out tentences thar were not
Beonaary ob cieablish che premise and she glince (while keeping it “meaty” in onder to provide length,

Paul Geriner poisied out ahatom TY, the bngit ple talthorl wighous dsl ie, the greance ibe
risk of whem v nig tbe chanel, oaks Mane arn! Mike Cialhe offe E cigs cus ierpreee
che strocture of the serine, Asa ceault, | canse ap with several move changes so compemate for angles,
anid co make ey hands seers 0 emapey as - The revult, alter monshs of vweaking, ix the roueiese

that you have here. Oe che show | wasn't allowed eo say chaz this was a hose epismde of the Teg
Zone for reasons, sotke producers came up wish che édea of callig bt che Fool Us foe, seed 1
cron creaned a -visaal inere for me thar looked like che boone for che Twilight Zone TY series.

i

amt ao offer this equgiee and ube
od sb (allow: They all work off the fol»
temeeg faboald mention thas [ did noe
ii be pucter for che viwal inereducion
aha was onobe show: Guride of shar TW
performance and withour che visuals, ir wud
Fitted add co. che pale (if you anc ineerested,

always te fied it on
Me Ed Fes ere ao ae ee
ppatolalet carpi frat half dollars ard
4 Ae i lla

the sory peu

TWILIGHT ZONE WILD COIN PATTER

tee reunching nenens of my
feeds sos iene

paca hapa ghar gator

of che srrange, aie iba phometon

Rooomily [ wat pri ao.sec a Loar epimde,

eer aml abit F mould take

‘So imagine of pow would, The Teilight Zone
COTE OF, energy bor ie om ne
saya brea tray char only Ae gare:

omen dow rhe munygical

at rimer long sinoe

at rales of | yy Raft ea be sik pe:
itera
pene any ineldne hiek occurred hue dn

i, The place, a armen fn. rhe aenuer af! Levan,
id oe er cg ee rey

might see on. che comer a muna shinday shoes
ssi Afidax, a poor man, bear
owen bp her dts agers

moments thu For George

re raent epslier baat
iy, tonne. che Tealight Zone.”

Soi chore Chooepe abining whic, ad at he
ond of che day diy eas ss ec arbo
alin'e lo ag eel Ohne, ra, lines, four,

dhany aapper a
pips ind Pa ndiekes ae :
again Joel hare no go forme aad call rw
ets wife whowe

ahe pooenry in they lived!
fe ang of thoold and pexien,
He Saas seers of fur:

(CHAPTER NINE © WILD COGN B27

weomiyGounekigtl

Cptnge colada’ tielicie hin eyes, bur be
realized char sith all ust gold he mow had
Sl Lig opt
oars “e
tain apron
npsieedeaste yd of dluse, anal Mabe rhe
f, chad cin changed mo COLD, sofld gold

And ar aes Wi ps ‘gold ovin,
Gerisial ec keant meng ne
potest pecans ts east
ota cindy dell deel picked apr ie phan, al
rb pip pt pk ree
he carb at at ala
sapien Changed ne
rod Bees, pated he
elatanph deand new
tf ny And as be pur thse
coe dase ain, sie
on he ib ced ir op ae he
veouald thy magic yet ene enone rime? He
rubbed chur coin on bir weeee eeeeufing emce
SARE ee
far as flayed around! with char
wondrous things he ua going 40 sh
. For re
mae palagin rege
ag ail che Toho Be him dears and pur
Rainy fre a a eee

ssorernt, cher shiny gold pemey changes!
Ho COppET.

Whert George sa efiar Fuad! happened, his
smi el re oad ha ima ha
only lind in fiace, unfurn he

back inte a fy char all of che shiny
geld had changed back, eo copper.

andl ae erenpe heeded ont in alciputin, Te sev ae
Af you ould hear the peice of Rad Seling, who
viata, “Sirs, darenype Adiaes, at mein thie

iy ibang re aaieed
ive Werovag FOUTS OR ee a

Rik donned on ne

28 ALRBINSTERN COIN Ro

PREPARATION: Im order no perform this rou
tine, you will need four old copper coins (1 ase
Ki or Vicvoria English ponnics
w eh are tery de hand age ene eee
ing copper coin, Depending: ig ee
decide couse, yon will aloo ceed ehe folkraang:

The Penn and ‘Teller Show Version re
quires use of che cwo-mac syenem Fuse

a kange black close-up pod, and a smaller

red pad. | had pads.cusom made by Par-
Fk rest pal nd he ace anpeT
ong extra thick for mc), but you een use

of several conmmerctal brands thas

| aha work well, The ned enae.on cops
of che Langer black pad bonds bile a stage.
where sHuke setien takes place on

real mat

‘You will alse nocd am cup. | oie a
chop cup from a cup aie balls ser hae
has a receied hotrem, impaeeane for dhe
banailings where a cei its mdden ustedes
oeath che cup. Youcon ale ase 0 ecgular
cup from a cups and balls set, or even a
cappuccino cup thar odten has a recessed
bottom. ‘The recessed boron is nor im-
pentane for the Show version, bur F like
the way the cup looks and feck,

2. The Cup hanllieag ales will require some
Fun Vue (ales keown as Blu Tac. You
cam sacle ice i Sin
People use chis pamy 90 ings on
the wall wrichonis nails ard it can be ne
moved withour damage co che wall, [tix
placed onan the recessed underside of che
cup ard will alhow yous ne ancrecly attach
aeuin poit during abe naming, When nor
in use, Leower the Fun Tae with am Bie
cenhower dollar oe a peer chip, which
keege che Fun Tae clean ancl a yi

3, The imprampau handling finn
eh ms el i
matior spedial cuph will we any opaque
eup, like a cothcc cup. Iie his version:
iF asked ew perforen em che spur of che
Moen: i a resbarane ececieg CF cru
don't have rhe reqpulsige Ooled, WOU can
perform the poucine wih juse dour hall’
dollars aed a copper English penny. OF
you carry che ovine wich you, or,
‘yeu can perform whar seems like an ime

prompeu miracle)

4. The purse version aes a clasp coin parse.
Dune an anaique small clap purse, char
matches. the age of ibe coins, but any
‘Gochman-siyle clasp pares is fee po uae.

And now as they say, SO wink nhe shou..."

TWILIGHT ZONE
WILD COIN SHOW VERSION

PORPORMANCE: Bosh mate ancon ibe ralsbe, andl

the four copper coins ane in che cup, call cide

up. The cup is.az che eenecr of your red mas, The

ee ber hers right -hasd finger pale,
side apatnat the fager.

To begin, eecine he Imicduccion, mukieg a few
nes with che kei rently oa ed
Red Sorling monologue, ake a ste

and awe taie ‘wrisa with your ih hand
Serling poor Altor the monologue, »

back to the cable arid gemini ehh fcr WE

sal he oclite dgy be fol ne Ne coe
ar a inn his ny

Bur he did't dso well, “

Pack aye che cap: with abe right hard and apill
the coins iene vour leh band, mouth of the cups
roward) the a The bi med coun is
hidden bry the cap-which reats on cop of lr. The
coine spill der ona open Lele fingers, cail
side ap. Mace the cup hack on rhe right wkle of
abe mar. Using the righs Grex finger and shamb,
take cach coin and! place bers ame ap a cine
emt dhe mat fram right oo left, bead side Facing:
cg pir Wee song, Say, bres tee, dhirce,
Cis mee At ke raalieed vlan oe
again hel Aave 1 go home hungry ard ral 1 bes
eye aba the Inet they lived. Me phaked
ep oar of cet acal ise pemilen*

this lait sengenee, pick up the coin
ont at folleyws: Mace your eft chum) on-
der the bottom of rhe enim, finer finger on nop.
ee it anal agit partisans eh —
the appeaite eukge wil gsr,

the firs finger oar to in, and hob it in belt
hand Spellbound position, berween dhe sips of
the kel thurs first wo fingers. toncinmse,
* gonad soles elelesbingy nemucnreed opel of cers.”

As wou

External the right fingers
aipinurthem sath he thus (he Rapt postion
ueed fer hit varladen of Edhesrd Viegoe’s Color
Change} Being your nigh hand aver to the her

arel hold ihe poll esin

sad ciicrie cpencelveth hea «lingers.
Under the cower of the fingers, secoculy drop the
coppeccein oneo che base of the bef fh tdo
noc mows the teft Fingcrips when you the
pmb place the gakl cain inne the position
kad the the copper coin, Leave
pipe in le et SpclEeund position, an
mijhelraw ourright hand te ele nigh, pretend-
ing te eemirve a-epeck aol duets, Tose i away, dhen
geste palmup back poake gold coin. Tarn your
right-hand pales coward the audience ane move
italic oe che righa to compere the pestane “This
howe: thar the righ hd compel empay.
Wiggle the gold coin a bir with the belt fingers,
to catch the light amd emphasizing the change
ro gold: Say, “Bur whos he Exe’ hack, Groner wae
surprised na sea coin of COUIE atid gold ™

After a tiny pamic, gesture with the righe firse
fi arid say, Lanier eoalday befieue kes ayes,
— realised har tit ail fuer gol, Be vices

alll of hale raver! Jide peur aft
on nay for oak ar

Perlonn oy Drop Sedech from ney 185 Magic
rm chirares ancl pine ba e

coin unto che shar hand Crighe Fengers
curlal snewhar aa ete the bi lle nbs
the bandh, bu dio mat ber PY of the gok ‘oon,
Inancadl, socnciby Seca bie ors lor bi
ceppcr coin tas “poll” our a! ger a

oso the hase of the eigha Fingers, taking eae
ehat the cos corns dene elink beach ocher
asthe copper cote Falls (photo hose your
right finger around the copper coin audience

CHAPTER NINE « WILD COIN 129

thinks is's the gohl woial, and ins qmnig imegien
curr he rien Rand pales dears, itnegyping cher
Onin fat che cay ey rine the right

hand sway froe the bele ao the coin brine
che cup. secretly cual ae left fingers aril te=
Keni che Chablis got er Une edge of Uke po
coin. The coin is nara in fin, geTtip rest. tails side

inst the fingers. ‘Cendine, * and ploked op
eed okey je

Pick up the eves on the righe-witks the tip of the
sigh and secu fingers ost expt aracds sicke
he exria, erie thumb andermesach. Tien vour
righ ‘hurd palm ap expasieg ube cails side of
u ro oulth Noww (PO are poEng oo execuce
ay Spelbcunt Changecter Rebs dh th Tera),
i onder weet transfer Gk on inns
right hand as vou epenty eral the copper
coin from the wight hand co the kfi. The move
is performed. as Follows: Aring the nwo hand
ber anal curry shee right-harsd pele dower,
hing the qoin againac dhe Fingers with che
thumbs, Ai Be sss i eee
rap, extenleny iE fan e
Lae under the cag Bin cts ao ihe poll
coin can’t Ihe seer Tuc the the reals the
copper coli co thy ndildile the Left
firse Finger, Place your heft mb ah the upper
edge of the copper enim ce hokl icin place. Aa

the same aime, prea the edge of che gold coin
agaimat che right scoondl ow third dinger {exact
pouition fet important) with nei thumbs,

fvander io hehd iin an odge-pri pesitiene iting,
Separace abe hamds fel tenn a pr
thar dhe left fingers paint reward whe 2 wchcle.
figgera oe 4 sarees Ad vow monn the
hearted, sal jusae coin sa thar ie is held in
an inverned spltoend position by the chuznb
le fir ace of ube colar toward the aunlle
ra quick display, retae the belrehand
n, Colm mra up in normal
pli apa peaition. While you ave showing,
copper coin, trramfer ehe pokd coin im right
Kier | hiwaids side agaist thee Fi ear Say
“hat Like chy fran, be remonedd a peck
fiike anlage opin changed! der CLLR, erie
Pair ut ahieils a the gobd odin, hold
ling ie againse che extended fi As ueith bse
ee Pie mone our ta ro che bin
However, instead of coeermg che copper
with the right Fumd, secret flake she pcan
OVER ibe copper coin, the rans coans
ax one. This is similar om a pat change amd

130 RUBINSTEIN COIN MUS

eonoralment used by Ross Bertram in che ry8
baak, ies ape Miechods of Row Beruant,
in the orick Aloney Changer. Wichdraw your
cham hock no che right and prevend cm nous
olf a speck of dust, chon cum the right-hand
palm upward and prsrurc hack co che coins. To
somplgec the peerane, ture your rigs palm tm-
nthe sadenc and so yo see ery
wi ti cain a bag wiht fe Err
io ah nic asl emphasizing the inte
aw gold

Lower che left cham slighely, angling he
coins (phote 307) Press the edge of the coins
eld! by che chum: against the fingers, so thar
Hea solme anc now presied ee rg ther
ingens, copper colt agaisns the fingers (phate
308). Wichour hostarion, path ibe poll cain co
the fingertip, silenely dropypticnge che copper coin
en (ier palin iphote 309) Wirh a bir of prac-
thee, chix cart be clone sileenhy.

‘Turn vour left hamden thar palm faces no che

“Say. Madar Goony eared upon athe shiny
pi ish “he tration! char he now dnd enough money
re par food on the rable fora moan

Regate the jpokl coin betworn the bee fi by
first moving the second finger Green’ ar

ang dic cates spice seh ts detrei fol can
(phots S200 Release che ikeenh, which clips abe
coin heracen che cips of the frrar amd acoond Fin-
pers (photo 314) Preston the eal sake edge off uber
pedd coin with che chums, andl lift che fire: finger
off che coin, mowing it co the orher side so thar
the coin. is new grasped berowen the tips. of the
thumb, fret, and scoond fingers fas in phot 0G,
heads facing he audience: ‘This fidgerdisplay,
called che Finger Tear! in the Minch/Hobhs
back The Long Goondber, was a Georine of she

lie Geol? Laima bee the igi in dhe FNAL,
THOUGHTS section). Say. “ alo That coin inary

setae. cal pk up tr ind, ld ana dey pry”

Peper so deop che pot cots into che palen-
wright | band! bur recain ic beeen the bete cael 1
and hiss finger and instead drop che copper coin
(bavically s Bobo sadtch bur without che rosin
action) Tem the right-hand palm ckrwn, aad
hop the copper enin inew the cup, taking mene
thar uke copper coin is nor seen. Tramifer the
gold coin in the left hard co Finger palms, heads
slide againet the Gngers.

Fick up che copper odin on che enght Fucn che
rable Mik the right Finger ips. ane ehvarals, amd
hold is fingers pinging up, face of the won w-
ward che audience. Say, “Wink hanes now cme
Ming he removed a speck of dus amd! as before char
coin a GOLD solid gold”

You arr now going to perform a Rameay-style
move Gnoted as Mev F) free Edward Vieror's
The Changing Coin, from ihe. ty7 book, Mi
of the Hind (bit with che laps ilen of
ing che coin againar the Fin ihe as thumb,
iragcad of using finger a3. abescribed by
Vieborh, Bring your left and amver tue the wight,
iain a Hy sige of the gold enim apaizret
phalange of the fiewe fenger wach che
re The, oolm is hbdden by che excenadeat left
fingers. Pur your left hand im Front of che cop-
coindphote 312), Under the cover of che kee
Fond rape prt aa eee ight fin-
palm am i ‘opin wil
Fiend and Fingers iphoto 323) wi hi
haral. ne the Ie left, pectending oo teas swan a
speck of dusr, and revealing the change af cup.
pero gold. ‘Turn your lefe-tund palm up and
gevure to che coin, then finish cemenk by
narning the Iefi-hand paler coward che audi-

CHAPTER WINE WILD COIN 1aL

once. Say, “tn smile gor bigger, for he reatiaed
lear he rece oisugh mency fo buy brite! cee
cloeled for hin entire Fastilhy™

With che right-hand palm fcing leit, perfor
Lacta’s: Fingertip Tirief po rotate the coin

right Fingers. Prevend po deop is inoo che
cup bus retain the gold coin by the sop ode
Leetvere th he tips of ake dhicmals ard fra finger
and drop che copper eoln ingo che cup (photo
414). Make-sure thar che cogeper colin ls noe acer
Falling inca the cup, and aha abe coins done belt
ageiner cach caherr. Transfer the gold nin eo lin-
ger palm co cred the action.

An voudrop che copper coin iste che cup, poi
ho the remaining copper coms om ihe eehle with,
your left hand andi aay, Mad! as Ae pur char coin
anny, Crocege aplad one Laer ordn, siting on the nabde.”
Peek up che eoimwich che left home, aed place
into the righr, bolding ie berween the rips af che
thamb and first finger, fee of the coin coward
the aadicnee. Say, "Me picked it wp and Ac pon-
dered, could che magic yet one morc dimer? He
bbed shar oovet.ov hits rewwcaling once apain &
eatin of GRVEAR, nod poll ®

133 PUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

You prs ri pe perfosen whe slide-bea
ofche Std hapoer Fives, described
is lw Binge ight ad othe
focrub che coin on ie, Bruriner this action
cauzca the igh firs: and fingers and use:
the thumb co drag che copper ooin downward
teeind the base, criaber in behind the gold
cota Put your thumbon ghigts ace
ly holding both coins at one agalme Lyla
asyou ruben your sleeve, Come away from ou
ig rip pepe ape
Coan io view as OU
as it pe abe ball of the fire di a
swour thumb ithe same posinien used fy
copper coin sel sonra tsk
remainé in right-hand finger palm.

Mave the gold cain indo the left hand beeween
pact felt chunsh andl fire Giger, fee eum yie

Bur as Groner area alt
Sicy alleen: he stopped chinking about all
Fea er eae mE O ee
is

Senna et

‘Toul, oii teat the

copper eoim ce ECipY RCE Brite

bane togther aroun saan

ainsi ie teeta iene He in a

Palme wp, expending che ngCr c

Peper cata) dle tac Bet fingers ie chat che
eon canit he seen. Pres: the fee of che

eal sae agaisat the base of che right forse and

nt Pree Ache ee press
be opr git dona the left fir Pug wir
sight et fe face of the pokd coin. At che

same rime, secret the oles ofthe
doin veith the Ba Ture the eb
im alown, ean far Ue Bt
Pe hokeeditts eee pai
ea Ina che copper coin. amd cure che left
‘up taki ms cou between the
ap rekepek
ture the rights palm apa
sep in pee gee take the gold coin
web sti aul fener finger af the
ane y eiiy hamd. Turn abe # ie hand palin
fe, to display the Face 0 colin pa. the
iuibtce To your peeciateae: it jet appear as
Hip ek the pod oaint endl patted ita couple
ri heween if hatals Say, “Hr punt ee,
er at be ob aera fe.
inset fo nee i fae gee
ae of ihe prep tho beat Blum deaee and pa
Aim ieee his snare of porenty. .

Ave pou say this, eo with ther gold: coin,
‘When vou fieish che acneenor, rou ane
chase daca cept Sessa al

iting the eoir unuber yerur

Seba eo estos be with the ich raed Ther cha
petformed ax follows: Hold fight band a.
Gonple ab oshos sinc uacecler coe rol en
Deere opt ct i he es Lt, fo
ane A sean a niga, aie
fore: Unaler the ooveraf the lef: Fingers, secreely
eetend the right eccord Finger aoruas the lower
face of the cia, Hem is Gwar, oo carry ibe
oni under ibe sight chunsh (pit 345), ding
your Eefe bund te che Bele, apparenl ypc hn.
the gold cean, anal lt it up bo chew
closed Fret is palm uy aetke rahreiaretiees
eg rl ape th a ar he to
ipl a bhai nid palna derers uevnil
the free edge of the coin reaches che edpe of the
onan (pee SAF) Ute pour right thumb to slide
ntaabnienifompr tes ip diecbroriorigt
mgce uel ot i
siping ah
prevides a cushion ta yal
the euin io pee under che enar,

Gently pad abe coin down soabue ie lies flor
an che mar with che mall of che second if
and graxp the free cdge of the coin with
right chumb, Ina foreand momion and withour
moving any of the fmgcrs, push the coin under
the mar (photo 3490. Make sane che coin can't
Ie acer Saw, ind ar char wry emens, char whiny
geld penny changed Back, to copper’:

Mave hoch hands foaward, the forward exwve-
ment if the right hand hiding the ing the
 eatgre ursder the mac. Hesinare for a secon,
then slowly open the left hand to reveal the
coin. Pick it ap with che right fingers,
i bbsid psc en pani

a the opm foward ther
wih he ir 1 be cmpay) and “Whe
‘Gorge cries hcl Apne BE le fed is

Open the cighs Grigers pull aay Maye

how abe eraeany ie and Cominie,
afc thatthe mage had nly ber fig. Ar ix
Fini aloe roar bf thas

all rhe shiny gold had mhanged back, ro copper”

Trop che copper coin aponly ints she cup, show
bee its amyl hemp all coins ange: ghey rable
ar the Sis Lis conker Sknounuie Tet teen


hack dower 1 che right and say, And ax George

looked! on in despair, demas as if you could bear the
paler of laf Serfing, weve aie, “Ves, drange Mila,
aman whe pomesed a ered gift (pick up the fire
copper coin and drop ie back into che cupid a
hal fides couch bpick ap the secom) copper coin
and openty drop it ines the cup) fur gtr used
for the wren roscoe cam ales be takeaway ly
up the chind copper coin amd openly d pap
thevcuppl, hock co tthe nofwad counters, fren ¢
che sores (pick up the bast ovine anal penile
it ineo- the map) of The Teritighe Stom'*

FINAL THOUGHTS: ecclified Doles swiech was
used during this rearine. le should be noted shar
ahe cmos kmowm as che Holy Seiech was nor
original oo LB, Bobo. fr is reherenced in the rou-
tine Horie ee Penny from the 899 book, New
Colm Tricks, The auchor, Ellis Srameom, stance
that che mewtines in bis book were mor ar
wal, bur in ane by the pertinmens of |

se we may pare raw he prog or gat
Bimow bo the description, Bolas ret
thceween bie chub and frst finger, while
fnvithe rene decoihed hy Sranvon che coin shar
ix retained is-chunmib palmed for che purpose of
damping te inom a chess pocker. However, the es-
sence of che mmr be che sume, with a coin wsdl
out of finger palm Inco che receiving hand

In the 1974 Bomram book, Magic and Meth-

of Rous Bertam, chere is a descripaicn in
the musing The Moncey Chinger where a ein ip
Spotaend leawern ele tia od ghee eight fies ewe
fingers aukieed bey che H ecar el he saene banal
poshiw beak dea of the This. mighe welll
be the fir description in print of che fingertip
Teil, peeduciag Ceol Lowes.

CHAPTER MINE * WILD COIN La |
|

424 RUGYSTEIN COUN MAGEE

TWILIGHT ZONE WILD COIN
IMPROMPTU HANDLING

‘This version bb basically the same ax the shew
version, bur rherc it no matting rede, anal any
opaque cup (lke a cublee cup) can be used. The
trick is performed the same way wp umwil you are
ready te mar the coin. Inscesd of using che Snap
back rechnique forthe rerention vanith, use any
retention vanith thar you are combortable ith,
Grishang ath de gold coba Tasight hand Fries
palin Cinserad of being pusbed urcder she mat).

Qhpen che left-hand eek fr reveal
ake ein pik § wep as before with,
Ubumbs aed these fr fi eit

upward and fice of Fg linge poi

. Gearure with che left hand ax before,

but do not pesvare wah ube right hand since ir
mene comtaine che finger gold.coin. Drop
ahe coin ingo the cup, then pick up the cup and
abe caine canis the txble as belo ett

yea have che gold oie finger palmod im the

righ hari, so taker care chat che enin fie’ soem),

Ag ‘you cecive che close be up che
copper oolns enc pos er arate
cap. On che coin, however, secretly per
form the slide-in phase of the Shige Afene as you
mone over the cup. Drop the gohl coin cogecher
with che copper coin ini the: Take care now
ter Hab che yeold! as it fallls ini athe cup. Alter all
the eoiine ane is che cup and the trick has fin-
ished, dump them 2] inte pour left hand anil
place chem inte yur pocket fer eral

FALL THOUGHTS: as vin have the ewina
with you, this Becotacs almost an impreenpeu
roading, preat for restaurans wotlk,

TWILIGHT ZONE WILD COIN
CUP VERSION

This version will need a cup wich a recesped bore
tom, anil es eats piel nig To pre:
pare, priced Fun ‘Tac brine
the reocuied bagnom of che porrseerr ape
Speeail ie go that the engine endoride excepe fer
chm hp ireehon Ae with i agen vention,
#Tart wit Sopepen cart in the cup, borin
loge poles ie the sighs Farad, the cup:
af the ceneer your faa deaemat
eyeremt mecded foe ahis version,

Perkorm che aearine as described ia the sre
versbon, ancil ik ead ade

"eile er he se let
aio she pote imag, ngges. 2 brie Dis
a diel tae turning toe oan ied
tintees between the fingertips of bork hands bat
aly MOT perform the variztion of che Speiibound
Changrewer abe asin the shew version. The cop-
pee cole sayy Eh igen Ep Palma, Finish
aed oe Paring bs nen bet
ition, Say, * f cei Kecoerge

played arcu mer Sep pedi! penay, he arogped
thinking ubvur afl che good! anal woradrous citings he
en aly for his family. sry a pie

ose realiand char be haa che Paper. ini her unas
fouee thar poser, mot for go bin chk
dd wehy bear him cand pur kim: inno
poorty. dind ar phar ery momenr, afar

pepe fam hie reggae

‘You are now rie Ware (ha
tChapeer ae fea hi hnviefly a follows *
you recive che last parageay secretly erancler
the fi palmed colin tor und palm: Poing 00
the coin in Spellbound posicion, ches ap-

parently wave your hand ewer che coin by brings

r right hand, Fingers ipread slighty, over
in: ea rato left wich che Farry of your
thumbs, Pivot at abe right wriae, so thar che
eee mares grees the gold coin ink
a pestiion. Without hestacinm,

ane copper ooin bw a wie
abe keftc otand cnt bap Se
Peart at the righe wrist, so ghar che ei
pra panei our from: under the Left hk
Immediaely erg right chusmbs wp ec ae

level of the other amd reverse the ree
gion of the ris ing ir ihack over sksr
coin to the el in a wave.

Wrbed eet thal & beonion oe gk aa

shin aod hold ir bey at sat te
amd dhumb, Gee teveard oc tees fins The

Ere onined geld coin is eransderred ao fin-
ip-rese: position and you cassially

FS ad ina boose fisc on she rable. 's age al

Eck acy unc eto erent
real only berm fleeei

eal ice whos i ee ak tor i

pop ale x ronin ineo the oop. Pack
up civ be the wath the ight shumls
aed first ony . ening in over vo the left hand,
‘whech corns aka inorder co receive the cup.
The right fingers hide che gold ooin from view.
Place the cap om the oursereoched. left fingers
tphote 320), secretly pressing abe gold coin once
abe Fun Tae (pees 321) Graep the tog of the
cup with de left thea aed wpiee the ey a Boke
abake, Take she cup: hack with the right hard
and pour our che coins ono the nop eft pare
ef your mat a4 wich the shew version. Drop the
coins hack bene the eup one by ane a4 with the
ahww version no Finish,

TWILIGHT ZONE
WILD COIN PURSE VERSION

This is exeenmially a streamlined version of che
rousing dane in the hands, For this you mood a
beg type puree, dehy artes okd copper coins,
‘eos pod coin Ihe ‘the coina are
ripest asl che pen sere
bnabe tighe kasd. To begin, recite the introdisg.
ciow, making a few ae wtih the left haged.
When iris time fer che Hod Serling monologue,
cake a step back, and grab your righa wrist with
yoor left hand (Rod Serling pose). Alter Be
mondlogae, sep back ao che ble and
with your left hamd ax you say, “So there! Gage
shinit ig shoes, ane ae abr ena of the airy ba foosks into
Kis pees Bad ae fice lop are.”

Chpen the purse and shemp the three coins cet
aneo the table. Place the open purse down onto
the seghe side of the table, oper ba pigs tins
Pick up the firse coin and bold ic in left Speil-
bound protrice Perform ihe Kage varlarken of
Eciwasd Wiceor'’s Color Ching as for che fires
cole i che show werakon Canad xe fire maugha in
_ book nar ape arin foe

revealing, 1 coin in ely

ee ln Rhein ith the night thiemb and:
fire Finger and display ic co your audicags, Por-
forma a Revention Pass back into your left hand
ah thag the ouim  retazned in right finger
pokes. | ie the seven variation of che Hei
Reorion Aaa froes Chapser Two, The helt hand
iv closed i a fise, really holding che copper coin.

Pick up the second copper coin veleh your right
tbamb and feria Finger and rub che coin on your
left sleeve ax you execute the Slide Move tax with
ihe fourth coin in the Shera version), Reveal the

CHAPTER MINE = WILD COIN 135)

change ba geld Usauplag abe pel opin betiesett

ibe rips oF ghe right thats arul frst finger, Pec-
rend go neg che gold enim tnoa abe felt hanid
bur gerain ic heewees the thumbs ond midelle
Phulange of the fire finger, execusing a mods:
fied sodich te drop che copper coin into
he lett (phate 322) “The bele- choses fer a
fist-winh irs two coins, taking-care char the cope
percoinsarcmocscen. Transfer che gold coin eo

right Finger palm,

OO OTLZSS—_—_-———

Lad PURSE iy Ae

Pick wp che chind coin with che right thumb, first and secon finger, and beieg ir-up co your meth
ro lle ov che ool Exccune che slide-in phase ofthe Slide Meee ax vee bring it up co your mouth, and
ihe Hide-ouig ds vies erie Reveal thar the capper bo gold As bhefeene, ta
drop is into Iefi am. bur pevforen a mould Bobo vouch 2a ar you eetais the gubl ard slop
the copper coin inno. che left hand, which closes around ir into a fist.

Now che pagere changes a bit from the other versions, “Aur as Creoege held onrc all char gold, bbe
me i sto gel ce ny h sng fy Rr ue
now roalined char Be had! che Power. And be was going no use thie pouer, nor for good. bur vo ger back at alt
athe people she bens brim coeen and pur him inro-hir snare of poverry. And at phar very amomeene, the shiny gold
changed Buck, as anppr”

Open the left hand. ond spread our the three copper coins ima fan at the fingercips, Take the rep coin
swith, abe oi thamb and firse Finger and pilsce it inad the the Tale hase cee dale ok
the right ¢ abs autre’ Gges wa bee, perfoensirig the Heide in ic of thc Slide ewe ne pus she
copper coin behind che gold coin as riu mows ower no che panic. them BOXTH inco dhe purse,
Openly rake che bast coin and place it into che parse, chosing it 1c cred. As yeu reveal che copper
coins and purvbem paren the prunse, say, "When George ante soft Rus aprerrel Arie amily flyer be
realieed thar the fund ole born flovring, Anal as George looked ont int desptie, ir tnar av if yom cowhd hear
the volte of Ried Sevtirig, eho saad, “Ton, Gs Midis, a man whe possessed a arur gift, a neal Miclis sock, Bur
eer soa nonin oh be aneay, hack so che refund counters, fownd only in ahe crores of.

FINAL THOUGHTS: | have done this verviow asa aeaight in-tbe-hands Wiki Cain, using uhnee silver ooins
aula coin, sand up, wich ne Fe sean, the choee silver coins are examined by « spectator,
who shem on brie sap harid The irik bi pettorieed the seme way, and arihe end Lopen my
felt hand ave fan aur three silver coins. Now the eoudine begins te elifer, Hohl all chree aver colne ar
the heft feygertips at place them one bey one inte che spoceaque’s palm. Of che bor coin, perforen
may Nowhee File Chargceeee Puls Uhapoer Teoh, destobed bre an follows: Secrothe the cop-

coin ime Nowhere palm altor the scoond coin is given coche spevtaeor. Hold the bet silver onin
tetas the tips of che thambs and fore fimger, and excend che second, chied, and fiaurahy fiegers ure
ward, As you make the Laat silver coin wih the righr chumb and firac finger, secretly dre the cukn from
Nerekere palmongo the exorecled Inf fingers. As cou nicer your right hard nc place this East coir oman
ihe specrapor’s palm, cur your left; hand inward and cuel your fingers-so ahac the copper onic can't be
ance Now pou can show your right hand ta be comphetely cmpry,

TWILIGHT ZONE WILD COIN ORIGINAL HANDLING

‘The tith of this rourine és a bir milleading, as 1 have pubithed several versions of this susetine ewer
Hee, This is one of the cartier hanellings thae | ike prior co the Penn aml Teller appearance, It ape
peared in print back in igs, in my Magle Castle Lecagre Notes. Thin wersion wes a meval euprwith
Fus Tac the boom. ai-wirh che werston desribed carlion Although for the mosr Daen nee
Including alder handlinge in hebos Ureally liku the segjuersccs. it his hearalling, Ie diets work for
whe Pena and ‘Teller arance because of amghes, bur § feel ic warrancs inclusion in thik book. Shwe
the rousine: andl Twi ome pastor has alecady been well described, only the mewves will be cnughe
here. Most af ake moves wied are deucribed in the Spellbound chaywer. Iverever, there fa really nice
variation of a Sal Stone ended descrilscd in derail in chic rousine, chat be worth learning,

PREPARATION: Foeu old eile wart in ehe cap, end pel h dole bei
isto salah copper aap a gold-plaoed manching copper cole ix in


GRAPTER MINE = WILGGo1n 1aT

PERFORMANCE: 5pcll ous ihe four copper coin once ghe axble and pur theen ina howieonesl row 1
the lei oF dhe cup. Pick ap che.cein or the belt with whe beft hand. and hold icin beft-hand Spellbound
centiee fees ak cof the akams and fsrer reo fingers. Seceeily ceunsfer che gold coin co &
Inger rea. Perfor che Imprompcu Touch ¢ (Chaprer Fourl, ibed briclly ax Fallows Place
wour cighe tkumb:on the coin, and cocare it the fingers a0 char ins face lies againse the nail of the
second finger. in Nall Grip. vt the same time, extend the dena Finger in a pointing position.

Being the right hard aver the loft have, so thar aise gold cotn lice dinevaly aver the coin, In this
position, che copper ooin can't be wert, Lindow ebic conor and witha tee eae ingens, dlnegs the
copper cnin este the base af the left fingers, Inemediseely grasp ehe the gold coin wieh the belt
firse and second fi fips and the thumb. Withdtaw the cight band back co the right, whe righ firs
finger ahding over peld coan aa the hand withdraws, le looks liloe vou charged the color of the cen
by mnenely seeding ic with one finges.

Perform my Drop Saeech from my eetig Magic Castle Lecrare Noces land described in che Show Version
Briefly, rum the left-hand paloy down and pretend ro drep che gold coinonan che palon-wp right ham
(right Fingers curled soencwhar no hide che coin falling ine dhe hand, bap do nor bet goal the poled
coin, Inaprad, socncely retain the gold aed allow che copper enie tn “ral!” ous of Bele ih alr: aed
cero ake baoe of the igh fingon, calcing care thar the en cots don'velink-sgainit each ober on abe
Seppe coir falle, Choe your right fingers steer che Supper codn (audience chisks ifs the pol earieal,
aril if ine meibon dunn the righe-hand palm dian, idecppi the copper eoin igo the gu. Ae
renrve the right hard away Prem che left ro drop abe colin ince che cup, seeretly mann abe left-hand jab
divers, releade the chumuh and curl che fingers so char the gold coin sics in fingerclp mes.

Pick up che coin on the night with abe right chum, first and second fimgers, Tim your right-harel
palm ap caddy che ooh on che right Ts. Vou are. now going socsncune oy Change-
fear Fula dChapucr Two), ha ender eo secretly tranafer che gold coin ine che sight hand ax yon openly
tranafer the enin from ahe right band po abe lef. Arielle, bring alse awa hands cogethes, arta
turn the right-hand palin shown, holding the capper nin agsicne che fi with che sight beams, At
the same time, reiace aby befe-haned palms ap, conceal ahe felt fingers the gold com) under the

é fingers we char the gold coin can’t be scent. Tooch lower ef the dean. to de middle

lange of thee left first finger. Place your left thumb on the oppasice ecige to bold ix in place. Aa the
Heme rime, press the. the gold enin againae the nigh second cr third rtexace postion isn't
inepornana) with ghee cighe chombs, in onder co hold ir in wn edge-grip-like position. Separare che hands

carn che-belt hand so thar he helt fingers poine oward the aodience, fingers on nop, chub bekve,
As you man che hand, adjusr the copper cole so thar ic ie eld in an inwerned Spellbound position by
the thumb and fingers, face of the coin coward the aaxlience. After a quick display, rocare ter left-hand
pelm wp again, coin now fo ap in normal Spellboond posicion, Whale you arc showing the copper
coin, transfer dhe gold coin po righe finger palm.

Porforns Fred Kaye's handling of Edward Victor's Color Change as follnes: Exterial the right fi andl
place th an the coin, pushing ie coward the reps of che fingers, Mowe your right harid
aner Se ie cenit Ehe <okn, ler the cover of the fingers, ihe coin re [all
embo the hase of ihe fingers and grasp the gold coan in ies place berawen che cipes-of ae abeambe and. first
reo fragers. Wichdirrw ue righa hand ca che righ, revealing the change to H eayeb shina nk in
seer the Deep Saleh, dumping che copper coin ino the cap and reraining the gold coin inthe Ife
tn finger palm.

Pick: ep ther rcoinon che righe with che right hand, bobling tat chow bowel with the tips of
the chonh and fore pw hh fi painciog fe che heft and fee of the coin nowgedl the audicner,
Verform the Ruby Change (C cr Fosarh, dhoserh Iiclly as follies Wich rour felt dhumbs, scencthe
push che gold! coin op to the firse finger. Peces the top cdpe of che coi agate ehe Fire finger te bald
it in ples. Bring the left hand, fingers cxteradel anal peringing to che right, ewer ised in dane of the
Supper coin ina right hand, Agsoon ai dhe copper cote fs hadden roms view, extend che eteha second
fimgger across thee lace od the copper coin and pivot ihe-ooln ander abe cipal gle abvembs (41 hime lher's

428 AWBINSTERN COW) MAGIC

Seap-back Tecfinipureh With eit shumb and
first Finger new Free, grasp the gold wim. “The
hele ara moves aveiv be Teal the pel coin,
with che eopper cain hides behind (2.

As soon ad you effeccuste che cha -

ighe hand qver co the left, face oft

atl Gacing tewerd the audience. Tarn he re
hand palm up-with fmgers expended, Graip the
gold coin by che oclpes wich the lof thumb on
nop, finer raw Fingers underneath, Rotate ibe
lels-hand so thas the Fingers poring pr and at
the tame time duet the righe-hand Ligier down,
ao ibat the gold coin is now in felt-hand Spell-
hound position (boch hands suilll holding whe
eoinl. Make sure thar the copper coin srays hide
den. fest by the gold coin, them by the backs
sree lay fr rx Under the core of the lf
ingens. -secretty push che copper coin off a
tip of dhe right second finger wich abe ahambs
‘The coppor coin Gills ange the baie of the felt
figgers, Mowe your right hard go abe right and
agent it palm coward dhe wadicner te show bar
af ia cmpty.

Once seain, perform the Crop Furirck, prevending,
eo dump the geld coin neo ube cup bur realby

damping: thse cain, Keep che gold coin
in ie ke i Pick wp the laet coin with
the right hand. Perfor a Retention Mass (1 wee
che first variation of the Vieiinion Renninion Maul,
ticrubing co place the Sapper ein ingoahs hele,
Eeeainne in the right. Chase che belt hand,
hon ogert if tonchonw che Lise evies hate fo
kl Seercely oranster che copper coin oo bnger
Hit, You ane now going to porfoerm my ena
tier of Sal Srone's Srone Star Change.

Display the geld coin berween che tips of she
c mee ongiers Finger, Gor of the coin bo
your audicnec fingers pointing up. Tin
your left-hand palts cra and the vaghe-hasd
‘palin up (ell bidieg, che pick ooen in finger
palma, placing che gold coin bemecen the tips oll
the right church anc firse fnger. Then the seghe-
hand paten dewen anal pre teslpchiseainen
the bagk of ehe heft hunad (which cu che fingers
co form a loose fisth, nar instead bend the right
fiver finger and lineert the geld coim ince right
thumb palm ae cet execnd
che riphe Fingers Chali coin againar
re chunk Bee pti seroed ete
te D4) and slap the o coin ano the back
oF che tele. fia, Uramedstchy dni te thea


palmed gold coin inva che spoor borwenn she belt
hams and fine (phone S25). ft may help
south beth hands slightly dowrmwaril ov the the
space turns upward a bid, This will Feilieste the
mime, Slidke the right hand olF ihe back ef the Bele
fhamd co ibe night, newealicgg the: persiy, hse belt
fre roeztes buck tics | Frerizonsal post:
Hon as voi Bewcve the right hand

fick op che copper coimwich che rights hand, ant
oproly place it inte che cup. Emmedisich: pack
up the cup by abe base wich che right thumbs
and forts Finger, at the same time sie
ih piers 6 ip tex. Tus che left
hand pale up and place che cap ewer che gold
wool, #7 hae in ieks ta che Fur Tae. ‘The back
of ibe right-hand shoehde whis From view. Corasp
whe top ed the cup with che belt chumby and swirl
abe: coins. dieal bit. Take back che cap wich
he right hand and spill che coins onco the cable
soshew thar they hawe changed back oo copper,

TWILIGHT 20NE
WILD COIN MULT-GOLD VERSION

This waches a compienly different method for
performing the routine, Inatead of eiing ome
eld coin eu effectuate all ghe changes, inthis
roating three gold enien are prodkiced. and die
Mayed all ar ghe sane time. fr is similar iss some
ways no The Mysery of che Chinese Coin and owes
its origin no the Roth Mank Coin Routine, bach
found in eaher sections of chit book The parier
needs woch g bit from the prior rouge
due Pek ia er in Someries 2h rou
ine ke mm r sand ae
arable, Ir et che fret cin thar [ans tacking

bin resting,

(PREPARATION: View wall mec three King Coorge
oF Qhieen \inwweia English fakes, anal shese
old plated duplicaves of ced ver will
aoe, Ag with che caher Tisilighr Zone Wild Goin
acamtines, 1 ace abe coder © cola. Im addi
thon te fiteing the story, he darker color pives
gecaber contrast po the They ane alen

ner than che Chern Elizabech peomics, which
belps a onacial part of skis nourine, Soee thar if
pou dian’e wanet eo perferrm chi Wikd Coin rou
tine with che Twilighs ome rhome yum can juak
ate Kennedy HalPdlollars and Queen Elicaberh
penstics However, they nay bea bir barder co
coneral and may eruke a bir more now of you
pethorm some af the erves,

CHAPTER NINE ® WILD COIN L230

Ficsally, som will mond a amall opis parse, | use
ihe FCM. Stinghe Purse! by Jerry Connell which:
can easily Evan commercially and isthe per
eer size for this routine. Place the chree copper
bere the purue. ‘The eheee oan
ight r You can reach into yur
fat ba finger palm ibe coins, or just havc
them in position no begin she rourine, You can
egin with the pare: on the cable, or just take it
oat ofyear lA pokes,

(PERFORMANCE: Tues to yerut dudigmes anal save

“Sire ater marching rerers
Ee one
dc ees Nt tanalec ond ks otek
oainge. il 3
0 ea pri ro Coxe apteads,
fe fell gene abst!

aa de a may choc only bene

*The word Alghormy. By defininion ihe magical
muranion of metal A mychical power often
ais ean chips ain
penned bey, But a Ui ar i

as tale 2 gs fold up
modicum of reunk, snd oe char f poder

ogp. The place, a sereer in che center of London.
And if you were te look chrongh rhe cromnd you
might ce on ahe conce a ow shining sors.
Thar mum is Goorge Midas. poor man, bear
doom hy che kantbipe of ber (Life Fur ina fine
fr depen wil . For Cone
Aiiddar: br aboot an moprity:, a Gallon Cppornuni-
Fy, Fenter:, lee Theilighe sever”

Brigg our che purse with veut left hand,
Say, "Sy chere’s Goorge shining shoes, amd aw
the ene of he lay fic ids dno tir poor. Bie
fe dda’ do oo well. One, fenaoiaepire
dhury copper pennies, Not eae re
Batt a foie Anuf he rratized inat once
agate he'd furar ao gohowne himgry and gall ro
Hale abou oe potty ba each acy dive”

140 RUGONSTEIN COIN MAGIC

Hold our dghe-band palms fewurd, coin

finger palm and Fire finger exte wo che
le. the back of the purse on nop of che
vide vour right fire Anger: Place your righe
thumb on che bot of the pa hold it in
place phate 326) and open the clasp with your
le hand, Reach into the pore and rake ou
copper cond, placing theen eens the cable ina
(avec, die at a eleme, C2 the puree with your belt
hued and place ic emps the cable co your right
with pour right chursb ana firar finger. ‘The sick
with the clasp feces wp. wour right-hand
palm down =

Tick upabe o eoinion the left and display
it om ibe x fingers of the palm-up lefr
hand As wou nach for che copper coin, carl
jparur righe Fingers anul sceredhy cranifer the gold
stack disse qe bingertip eee and chen to chum
poles Make pure thar ihe ooire can't he seen un-
der che chuesh,

Rome your righe-band palm upward, excewd:
ing the fingers 1 the left. Dio noc corn che hand
completely palm ip. for concern thar che cols
fa thumb palm would be acco. Tarn rour left
hand pala dwn amd oom the copper cain cmt
the mvidille of che extended right tanger. Im thie
pasitioss, called che Rubisurcis Subslery (hapoce
Fivel, ahe right-hand appesra to he conapleachy
empry excepa hor tbe coggper een:

a ssour right-hand palm Psa curl the
ingens foopper coin now in fimgercip rest st in
phot 327) Pres: che-edge of the thumb.palmeed
rack againer the base of your fingers and close
your hand into a fet, silontly adding ahe cop-
per cviet to the siagk (phate 329), This move is
called the Stack fara ahr — fe the
rs T coun Et againat tips ok the fingers.
Were. e hele heed over thet Open your
ka aril wigh che crack & eal quis linger
pul. Perform the slidewor phase of the Sh
bia ae che ounce pold coin gowhe rips
of the chuns ond. firs finger. Dusing these se
sions say, We picked up one of he old and duny
Se sa! ca bed oo ence, fe
could be rich. When be. his than pig Ad
mepriced te ace a coin of COLD, solid ns
wouldn't helinne dein eyes, frat he realined mar wick all
Phar pil, he nee fuel amoncy to pay all hie
‘Baek een! hie put phar code and picted up the
seven, ald and diary pour”

Rastage the gold doin benween the cipa af abe
alicmby ard fer dimger of bok ba fenish-
ing wiah the gold coin back in the right hand
berween the sips of che chumb and firac finger,
Place che geld coin ome the cable ae the right
side of the rary of coins.

Pic up: the copper coin ae the het wits the: belt
band anal display it on thse expertadoct Bele fingers
of the palrivap bef Ravel Ad Iefere, curl your
righs Fingers and ahused) pal the stack of coleck
Retate your right-hand pales upward, excencling
the fingers coche lef. Tan vour lefechand pom
dawn andl nas che os cots once che middie
ofthe cxoended 3 rhngers, usiagche Rublassetn
Subelery vo give che impression that che righs-
band is empey cooepe for she copper oxin, Tam
poor right-hand palm dire and carl the fingers
Prest the edpe of the thumb-pakmed mack against
ahe base af yosar Fingers and chose your ham ine
a fine, cxncuting the Stack Adddiclon ‘ins silently auld
she copper coin no che stack underneach abe diewe
copper coin, Wave your Jefe hand over che righs
pot verar ti e-bord with ihe ceack held im bine
get palm, Perform the slideut phase of the Side
Afope to pasih che ousermena geld coin oo the vips
of che dhumls and farts fieger. Say. “Me picked up
che saond, olf wed dury coin fuse file afer few, he
apucend ir amu! made a wish. Aad, Fike che fire, thar
code changed no CLE sofid gold"

Ratacc the poll goin beweoen the tips of she
shuanh and Ba finger of both hands, finishing
omer againwith the coin bermeen che sign oF ah
righ sha anel fire Figen, Say, “And ay Gre
gion lupo phe ahiny gold overt, Ee realised nhar
Aide teed engagh maney ro pow food ant che nable for

a igh

CHAPTER NINE = WILD OOM 141

Place che gold coin back onto the table ar the
right side of the row of colon. Say, “He pur dha
coin deen aed moriced oar Lave copper cain, sited
on dhe table, He picked ir op anal be powdered, oul
the magic happen per one more siete!”

Mick up che last copper coin From che rable acd
display it-on che exncnded fimgers of the palm-
left hand Repeat the same action as with
ike fine funn gods, nating the copper coim inca
the righ had ond closing the hued inco a fist
using the Seack Addition, Maker aswwee with the
felt hand. Open the right hand, pushing che gold
coin to ake fingertips. The three copper coins
ate hekl ta righr Fisger dim. Rorce ihe codn
berawen abe Fin; lee beth hands ran
Soe, Vile aaeered iraind made a erish, opmning hin
fama! co newnal once again a coin off COULD sav oll”

Pick up che ewe pe eoina from che cable aed
display chern om the palm.of the belt hand. Drop
che remaining gold coin froea che right once the
other ren coins and fen our all chee at cher belt
Fingersigy. Faces oF the cota toward the aindi-
ener. Say, “Bur ae f fied apen Bhose shiney
po penal, he sa eich Arai ait the good
and worulows things Ae was going to do for dois Fae
thy. For pou ser, George now roalized rhat Me Rishi
Poser An Ber wees pork gent err

af it ap all phe people toh itt
fan and partes ingo Fide drape of powerty. And at
thar ary monn, chose shiny gold penis charged
back, en copper.”

You ane noe poing to cha the gold evans
back au cep Pranks uk the change,
tien the lef-hand pall down and the right:
Loch upto place the three gold cole inoo
right-hand Spellbound position, berucen the
tips oF the thumb and Arse wo fingers tphedo
S29). Squane them up as yeu place ahem: ince
this position (photo 330), closing whe fan inpo

142 AUBIMSTEIN COUN ALAGIC

a aack by inci hae a
fingers 8 he fight cig es big

coime are no fenger in Ginger pabm, bur jue siv-
ting ar the base of the fingers.

Perform a ali rir mary fl deed
(Celue eo che Ber chat there are mnuleiple eainah
Fev: Mae Sat Lecture 3 and
Vernon, ax follgree: Tarn
- right-bind palm down and pretend no di
the cheee pold Lisi inne dhe palmar lek

bana, bur ds nos ler goof the pold coins. Inanead,
secretly recain chem amd alle the chee

copper
onina co Fall out of the band and onau the
base af the left fingers. your left hana ines

a fist around the copper coms ao thas they aren't
1 erin abe rogha a
Saath me irae chee ea
Finger pales aberri. your left fist 2 comple
of imes, then ig oo show chow the coms
hawe changed back nor . Fam our thse: cope
aac tap Weriniets ipa. Say, “When Grong

magic. ing. ar
snore docied on in despaim, ft ara oon if your gould
bate he voler of Rad Set iohe aiid ha
Micka, amin who posed a cree gilt, a eral Af
roach, Hare gifts meard for che tenong rrucrs can ali
be robert wey. hack so che refund comminera, found
ely dn ee sroves ofthe: Tiefighc Bewa"

ee ee the bevighs hand and bold Pick
c wih the ri a ina
inthe Regina ing of che rourine, slong the side
ofthe fase rage Place your right theambaan the
rier ye lpied ata apen it with your belt

band. Mek up che connE eMie at a tinee
and place chees bene che purse, Chose the purse
me pat it away qo Finish

FINAL THOUGHTS: iow can excily eubsrioune the
sfide-im phase of the Slide More ler the coss amd
Stack bur the coming action and use of
the Rubies Subslery, really sells che idea thar
the night hand is otherwise empey,

SUDING WILD COIN

‘This is a very magical three-coim prodoction
end vanith, with a Wild Coin a in the
rovidddlle, Ie is very rp frre Lrrcrcuti ai

» be a
New York Caan aR paarrefert pate
has since been modafied a her frons ihe oaigenal

handling.

‘PREPARATION: In onder co mm this neurine,
joa willl need three worn #ibver Barber
selina aml ire worn Ceol") copper
Emgli mnics teicher King Gocnge on Chucen
Mintoriah, The sorfaccr of there oairtcare amiocdh:
axel won't oake nese when nabbed again cach

wher, ‘The cheese woite aee ont te of the
three silver coins, all held im the righa
Nicrufsene pale,

PERFORMANCE Geenere with boch hands so
that they are seen to be empry. The cole are
in right-hand Newhere palm and can't be seen.
Vou are now going 1 pradece the ahror silver
crak es Ais. i al a time. he inthe
air wich c! rest faniger, Chasing erate
qua wear righe hard a chat abe pales ix facing
award wieh fingers: curled. Lee the wien re Te
cut of Newbere pales and inca finger
with the ourrmoss colms being alee =
inca che air with abe right hand. Push ake ous
ermose silver coin ro the fingerrips as you pluck
ft cut of the air and place iran che extended
heft Fingers of che aap belt hand) Perform a
aligh variatiem of ey Fingertip Shorties [ie
fron Chapeer Ten Therausc of rhe coins in
itch palm), Secrthed aa Follow: Place your
humb on top af the eosin in ther Bele faced,
it agains the Fingers near their ti
i the band pale down aml er che ri
hand, Ac abe same cine, curr he Tgiokaad

Ina upward and push ehe nop aibver calm to
ee Gieke Roaer pn ies he ne af the Jefe
fi (photo 331). Move abe right hand eo she
right. which brings the coin bn abe right bard
anbowiew, ond carn. ia palen down. bmmediarely
fi palin che-coin in che left haul, and tern it

Hig ameay Place che cate (reno the heft bared
Fecmeets tie dpe oF ths bef Chic ocd Fant rn
ger. Wirhour missing a bear eurrs che left-hand
palm dawn Ketan the right-hiead
ward and take hack abe coin with che rips of a
ahamle and fret finger,

‘Reach ino dhe air wleh your left band andl puch
dhe cerin co the Fingertips. Mace the ooin in eke
might hand underneach the colm aa dhe left fin-
gentps, holding chem in a cwo-coin fan, Reach
ince the air with your right hand anal pusle ele
ast silver coin ta pour fingertip.

Vierfort Croolf (adea's Faegerrys Fletel im marn
ube ooin ower ar the right Eingertips, as follows:
Holl the coin berween the sips of che right
thers and firse finger. Cul your second finger
atl then exend ic behind the coin releasing
abe chumb. This clips che coin between the firs
and second fiegertips. Mace pour chunth on boy
ef che coin and press deen, ar the same cine
moving year finer fingontip pe the oppite: siule
ef the coin. This terns the extin eres, do pou are
now holding it becwoer ehe tig of the thumb
ard Aret maw fieygers. this action a cou
ple of times, iben ees coin ar che borram
wf che fin io the heft hand. ‘Tranefer che ci
hard pins to Marky: Hokding: Posica: (cal
abe Mange Mow: in bie Edd Marko's Lecture Mooes
Teves cqge and Eirse described iin this book with
athe move, Air Drop Click Base), bey ag, the
of the Finger-palmed coins cl ba the
fingertips with che chum, and lilting them ew
a position perpondicalar oo the palm, berenent
the thamb and base af the second and ihind
fingers. Whar fies the fingers to extend oral
scparace, giving the Tlusion of an empay hand.
‘Gevrure coward abe eoans im the felt hana, shen
remurm che eniee back to right Finger palm,

CHAPTER HEHE + WHLOCOIM Laa

WILD COIN PHASE

Perform the slide-in phar of the She Mowe
(Chapter Five), described beiclly an follren:
Take the botrom coin from che Fan in the Lele
hand wink abe right chum ard first ewe fine
Exrond che fires ro fiegers, and: wich
the thamls diag che oir down the fingers con
wand the hase. ‘Wher: carl che fingers and with
che chub vip insert che coin behind che stack.
Gensinue co-ckose che hand into-a fist. Wave dhe
fa af ewe coins over che Fist, Chper abe
ele evel ee bse all phase of the
Mew to puch the curenmos: copper com
co the fingertkps. Remark thar all it takers is a
cove vere my che eviews freed be. bo
copper. ee ther Fingertip Teil
it at the cop oF the fan in ake left Baad.
she silver ovis a¢ the bode of che fan ame re
peat the slidke-in guhase wf che Slide Mowe so thar
the silver cain goes behind the acack. Close whe
bane into a fier as before, wave the fan of coins
eer che fist, and the riebt hand, execuring,
ahe dide-cur phase of dhe Mone te pach the
che Fingoreip Tizi Tm place chis an top of a
fun in the keft hand. "

‘Take the law silver eoin’wich che right banal
Repeat beik phawes of che Sie Mon one lee

fre, 0e pei the third colin, do the
Far i, and trae the coprol he fart

an the hand. You now have chree copper
coins ina Fas ag the fingertips of the belt hand,
andl aheree halfideflars finger palmed in the righ
tetera oes Natl Fling

“pa cours inon Marko's. i
sinlon (also called the Marky Mowe), thee return
ahem eo finger palm,

‘You arg new gring po change the copper coins
backesshece la cederaanse the change, curm
ihe Ief-hand palm down and che hard

up. Ba cthe theee copper coins imo
ight-bund Spelliwund position, berween che
ips of che chumb and fire ewe Fr Square
hens wp as wou place chem iinoo this position,
closing the fm by presting tbvir edge apainet
the right fingers with the right thumb The
three sibeer caine arcma benger in fieger palin,
bur jusc sinting ar the hase of the Fingsre Say,
“The ontmcane nes egpper, bur ney mand no be aifver


244 AUDINSTEIN GOAN MAGIC

pried ra ssedifteation af ey Drop Sertech ( dsr to che fact chat there are multiple caine! From
my 19s Canale Leciure Nowes as jollvas: Tunn she right-hand pales denen andl pretend no
three copper coins back ino the palm-up left, rar do noc let go-of ¢ coin, Enatcad, eocrethy
retain ahem aul alkew the three silver coins to fall ouc of the right h amd cane the hase of ghe
oki se a sb band inte a pocniariir aii Seine bake game lime lower the right
a toquiecly press. che copper coins againar c| iC fingers, 4 niger pelle aber. Wiggle f
felt Fist a coupér of times, chen open it to show that Se hoe chan beck oe ater aire
hesldlitgg the silver coins in alan at dhe Ieft fengertips.

VANISH SEQUENCE

Veseare mow geting racer then os #8 stinse, Take the hoteden coinolPube fan with che righs chumb
end firse ewodingers and peetorm the Vanuseion Rigention Fixx into the left hand, The left bard aril holds
the rere-cean fin berween.che chur and fire Fieger of the palm-p left hand bat opend the tere of che
hand co receive she coin. Chose the left hamd-inbo a five as yom wd ere Hele ear Ae he
dilvercolm onco the stack of copper coins with the thumb. Acabe same time, eur ake closed lelt-hand.
palm down and cake che fan with the: ri thamls ear cop, firse finger below. Ture the right hand go
pe tetera a era ‘wave them over che left fise. Chpen she fret, eo show ehat the
eoin bas vaniihedl,

Take che top coin of che fan wich ehe lefe thems anal first finger eo thar chore is one silver ooin ar the
fingertips of cach band. Pretend 1 gucibe coin from the right hand into the bef, bur as with the dirsr
colmaetais in im abe right, sliding it ongo the wack of coins in fioger palm, Immediatchy varn the belie
hand palnedown and rake checoin wish che righe Farag finger ard ¢ ‘Wawe iit over the left fier, chen
open it co-show ahar the second cen has vanished

prkfrnneentanttirnchigy ribet oper in inte o fisr. Gamep che edge of the fimgerpalmed
cocine with dhe night thamb, lifting them our of finger palm 1 a position e elt he an
Betvecen dhe thumb aed bast of ghe ecoond and chird fingers (Marko's I Posirios, aloo e: alee
Afanlo Move), Extend ard scparace the right fiegers, making aware arqund the left fist. Rerurn chem to
Ginger palm, ax you open the hand te show shat she coin is srill chere. When you open the hand, par che
conn in position for perlornsing che RGLPA moet, Execute che move ax you indicare the con wich che
See ee ae nye
pteal if our i

Excouve the Croserd Arms Subslery ((Chapcer Fivel, as follows: Ceoss your enms; right arm umber leh. Se
erothytranafer the stack of coins eo Nowhere palm by levering abe edges of the oxins clones co the fine
fi upreard wich che chum and sorrounding che rien of che coins with the curled chied finger nm
boll them in place. Rab dhe chunbs of boch hands againse the tips of che fingers. Finish by unercasing

your arma, opening borh hands te show thar they are compleely cenpey.


Don’t make unimportant
things important.
Dat Veriton

Atsome point you need to ask
yourself- Do I want to be flashy,

or dol want to be practical?

In other words, do you want to show
off, or do you want to perform magic?

Dr, Michael Keelineteis


Chapter TEN
SPELLBOUND ROUTINES

THOUGHTS ON SPELLBOUND

Ever diner I saw Al Godhman and John Mendoza perform Spellbound iin chelr lectwres back in whe sev
entices, it has been one of my faverice coin effecce. The fire appeared in print in che aga book,
‘ew Coin Treks, by Prof Ellis Sianyon, in che nourine, erin 2 Anny. It should be noved, however,
aba the rourlee was noe original with Stanyon. He clearly evanee char the routines in his book were in
popular ose by beading performers of thar time, Edurand Victor playod wish chia comoope in his routine
The Changing Coin, which in che ryy7 book, Magic of the Hands, Dai Vernon populariced ip
with che name Spalbound in his iqyh Sramof Magic rating, amd she nese in history,

Since then, chore have boca plethora of Spellbound moves created, Some are very practical, some are

angly, and some are very acrehasie. have included several of my erm moves in this book, which I
feed secvery usokil esther petfoersen Ti ehapecs Showrsoe 0 ee mavees imo a solid roushee
However, befers Uger inte the chapeer, | need. co rant abour the scare of Spellbound im todlay’s magic.

‘There jaa. wend in performing a Spellbound routine, chat | Find very disturbing, Mone amd
more Lt taking a silver coin, Ey eine it into for Chinese coin), They it
a over pain petting one wie aher another bir assalb to he forreng, then fini by
just scopping. Priemds, thie is noc magh:. this is digital maseurbation.

Avrousine should have a beginning, a midille, and an end, ‘Ihe bepineing should Ihe magical, such as a
production or introduction. The middle, in the comtce of a Spalted routine, he the cha

ox (along with other sequences thar could excemd abe neatine, such as wunishes and seprodactionsl,
Changing a doin from ene color ar toammber, is very magical. However, che rowtines being per-
fornied 1odzy irks wey eeucs ee herr from fhe magic,

First, after cheee ov four changes, you hawe established the face that can a coin from one
type co anecher, When you concinue co change whe color oF a cin and fermh, unless there ii a
motive in-your rousine for doing 4, it becomes boeing. | contend thar changing 2 coin too many times
diminishes the idea of magic 00 an audience.

148 RUSINSTEDY O01 MAG

Second, after achange, there should be 2 small
paver se the aadicnor cm appreciate the magical
morc. IF you tapidh- change the coin aver and
over, thene [smo niene for an audience bo ppceneas
the magic. The magic becomes only a bhar.

‘Third, more and. moore muries ae xt
fount ni are i a kop je
neghing wrong with pororning a ai a
tide i ioeny ook aged The preter ch
ui ty t eal. wht
a move fike this, be thar af Ie bwvks like a eevee,
aged neg a nateral action, ir is ner a good eve,
When yeu perform a move Tike thy, dos't hook
at iy in che. concesc of whether ic can socoen=
plith the goal of cha ake coin, look ar it
in the conbest of wheeher it leoke MATURAL,
and MAGICAL If it looks “mamey”, it's jee cho
goed. Poried. [Fyou need co pur more work Ineo
manitering the moves chan in's worth for the ef
fect wou pea, E's just not worth it 00 learn. ‘Thar
doesn't mean thas uhere aren'e good meves out
there thar age difficale, and scrobaric. Bur the
perloerner needs to sete: cach move of a rou-
ree andl decide ef an in or eer, CMeen a
move thar is sinxpler, cam bbe doe ahorwly
and without nenaion, ita bericr mee.

Remember, yeu want the audience te
Eat for being a jo algerie
yest aléliny asa manipulator, Sloe magicians
‘who warehi will look and marcel at che eves,
and noe appreciate the mage. You want your
audi¢nor to de che opposite = apprectare che

mage, net the moves,

Along the yame lines, what mukes Spellbound,
hook magical is char whe coins change color with.
ma it -movercne of the Fingers hdd
pik fsb ace mone, to
or change will not leak magical You wane the
change to book like magic. not aclewer switch.

Finally, 2 routine should have an ending. "Whar
is the ending bors §pellbamund four 7 vate
ih of a coin, or a jen of a chird cotin
ate onic wi ing om the structure
of the routine. There arc other good endings ax
well, bur they peed no buve a reason, Turning
aenin into a gokdio is nor a good ending, for
example, unicss yeu are continuing with a fish
Frey tata bent yaad bodede pee
hat the coins were ing. are pur
fing away the coin is N SM nor is. bt
sugical Ie leaves a spectator fecling empty: I'v
like reading a sory, putting the book sway
wtiatienting cies tage

Ie conchaion, when you decide no perform a
mul resting, make were here ds a begin=

ning, a middle, and an end. Try co make it
[not an ceercise in manipulation. And
doe overdo the changes. Watch and drudy the
rouriees freen the euspers; Gashman, Verte,
Raps. They understood the oonceps oF comme
ton of a pouring, and chey andere
what lice maghe. Thank you for liseesing.

ULTIMATE SILVER LINT

Thit Sed 5 oon rourline. Ie hae
pone atwera icacioss ewer the
peas ‘Hiss erst erie afew it che es
ropean Coin Magic im LVEF in ane,
eke best hy I; ee

ane as PM, Grip. As wink all dhe pai:
er vonioms, thin ane has a beginning (the pre
duesion), 3 eile (che changes), and an crud
(che vaniih), Ta perio, yea wall need a worn
(eodt") copgee Englich penny ( VWiewuria
oa King Goorge), and a ween (sale"} silver Bar
ber hall chollar, Becaute ale carlaces are amouth,
Led see — byeeweg a inir

saber. The coins begin in right- ager
palm, with che half dollar paisa

PERFORMANCE: Tell someone thar chere isa xil-
wer thecad on their deeve. Pretend to remewe it
orp glee
i SWE GU eke ‘ia a
png aehethliirh te are paririgg ns
place chic "thread" inno your right haral, seereely
transferring the colne to JW. (Grip, aa follows:
Excend the fi to the left amd incre
the firs andl fainch Feet inverard a hic to hold
the odges of che coins im a front fingershold! po
sition, insert pour ragha thems the caine.
pesiterawat naif ere
oT until che egrposice jer
th insertion fee tes of he fe
and second fingers. Turn ehe ri im
dows, curl the fret fi anal the Lars
ugrward albir more, 80 the fisse Fi curls
chet the fate ingen the as ab ticcetra sad
their edges press against the side of the secoeed
Finger. Take the *thresd” with your tigha thus
second finger and display in no your audi-
ence. Becwase of JW. Grip, the palm appears
compey andl gh colins apc seem.

Rule the chumh-againar che second fingertip. an

iF you were rolling the thread into a ball Call
atbensioe gu chin bye Boating at the Fingers with
ahe Ocfk firig finger, This gives pou a neatom for
ahe “peaing" of che righa hand, Make a geerume
wih the lett hand showing ir eo be eenpry, arabe
dame dime ing the Fre edge of rhe coins
wih the ng nbs Tarn your right-hand in-
word, ond the same chew eoending che fingers
riley agi beberle ui tery ba
Oe Corkpe a cli o a
bees Te thurs on eels ti ne plea
fingers on the other, beld in an gripe lide
position, Pros: the rips of the right ¢ fb, Higa,
and scoonad fingers cogethes, as if ic coneained
the piece of thread. Pretend co place the rolled
tap “thread” impo your left hend a8 Hallows: Bute
gate ibe lefhand palm dlightly upward with
fi extended and place the ran ooine against
she Left eet sand bd get Wace OF te
copper coin apainsr she fingers}. The coins can't
he seen because they are hidden bby che back
of the eft hand, and backs of the right fingeri
iphoto a1

Hace. your belt thumb on the Bee ef the silver
coin and ber goof she codes wih che maghe hand.
Ware your lef hand in ihe ais, wlewly pushing
ahe silver ovis as ele epee od che chun ame i
freges, Retain che copper coin in left imger palm.
Eovln char wih a wave, the lick ball becomes
atleer qoan, Tan che coin oeer a.coupile of simce
hhecween the fingers of boch hands na show borh
aides os Folkrwsr Turn the kefchand palm down
spe the silver coin inte the palm-ap ol
fund, between widtksnl ike ny cat ae
finger. Turn your belp rm igha-
bezel ack be, raking back the oan benwcen
the left chumb and Fret fieger. ‘Tern the left
hard pale clown and place ibe coin back ie the

‘CHAPTCR TER + SPELLBOUND AGUTINES 14e

palewup right band, displaying ics Foe co your

apecracors. At the same time, clip the copper
coin berweeen the belt fire: and second fingers,
fone finger-clip: posicion:

Derform the Soft Change, described briefly as
Ballas: Bring your left hand over co dhe right
from alwve, fugers exceeded and poincing co
she wight. Rocate your tight hand dewrreard
at abe wine = chaz haa dei coin
& pew parallel no che Fs imtiny
at Your ieae Continue wt foe ie: ie
hand, unail che free edge of the sheer coin igs
the lower side of the cxnended left third finger.
(Consinue to trove the left hind dewneant, ad
withous mining. the right thambs ke the com

oat of its grip and pros agrinat whe inser
Et enecen, hod ling she ola againar chem with
the tips oF abe right first and seeondl firygers As
noe av the dois is ie chin posinicn, pull rhe felt
fourth finger inward pout a bir vo creace a hedge
ao chat che hreer edge of the silver coan peacs on
fa. Without ihesitatban: the free edge of abe
e rooim with che chunedh, firar aml ec-
Gotan: Stowe your bef hand cothe ket with
the zilver coin necting om the lodge created bie
the fourth finger, caressing the u ike oF aber
copper coin wish abe ile second finger, Remare
the right hand so char the fingers pains upward
toneveal the aoe of the copper conn.

Place vor left chum om the silver colm ured.
prh ie up ae the undervide of the firer and sec
ood fingers near che tips. Perfoom Derek Din-
gies Sucker Change foam Cobnmagic, 25 follows:
ring your belt hand over oo and in Front oF the
ight covering the copper coin with whe left fin-
iho 3884) Unies teens ot te Oe
ingers, secrcrly drop the copper coin ange t
base of he right fingers and grasp che lower edge

250 ALBINSTER OCIM MAGIC

of the silver coin with the right thumb and first
wo fingers. Withour leccing go of the coan with
the left chum, rorare che coin counrercdack
wise with the right fingers, noming both hands
palm chown [pies S33Hp Slide aber left hand off
the coln, chen tart if pales ep (showing Ie po be
cmpey) and place the silver cola testa fefi-hand
Spellbound position, held beeween the tips of
the thamb ard first caw ih nt The copper
ootn persales in rightshared henger palm

Perform the Ellis Saanyon Thumb-Puim Galor
Change move from che ris book, New Coin
Tricks, fond in bis resting Florin u. Penyp, a
folluws: Bring rour right hand over gm the lel,
covering the sikeer coin with the right finger,
aBramrils aor idamceih nso the is ¢
of che dilver ein iene uke eroteh of ghe tighe
ihamb (photo 334). Excend the right fn
stmultencously placing whe right chunk: agai
the copper coin and thumb palasing the alver
coin (photo 35) Withdraw your righ hued oo
thie id ie the copper cain im beftshoed
Spellbound position, allver opin in right chur
palm tnoce chat in che osiginal Ssanyem move,
the coin 4 taken im a modified thamb palm,
called bry same the Friskl Palm Edward Vie-
tor subingucmily deseethed hiv mavce using che
fete rn version of the chusnls palms in hie
roueine, The Changing Cove, From che igiy7- beck,
Magic of ube Hansds},

Perform my Wave Change from Chapeer Four,
described briefh as followe Mowe the right
hand ever board in Frome of the bel hand, palm
down arel fimgers slghily epread. Pivor ‘pour
had ac the right writs, ac Fi the aller cain
in thumb: pales meecs over the copper coin in
left-hand Spelihounal poosizioe. Without besita-
teen oid witht movers of ihe felt finger,
seceeky drop the copper coie uate che base of
the Fingers. Imneediacely grasp the sther i
fecoeen the belt chambs, fret, anid seconal Fine
gonips. Goniewe co pivot your hand at ihe
wrist away from ihe lel hard, bringing the
might thamb oat from enier che coin Imme-
diaicly bring your Tight chuenb ap re che level
of the other fingers and newerse che direction of
che right hand, bringing it back ver the coin to
the feone of the lef hace ina weer.

Take the silver com our of left Spellieanil po-
sitioe wink abe right hand and precetel. po plane
in inco the left bread, perfoma a Reteneion

Pax, retaining the silver colm in che right, The
heft- hace choses as iF ic had che silver coin dit
sill cownaisee thee recoan Preeenad ta place
the stlver cobn imme the feft pocker. Gnoc in the
pocker leave che coin and remewe the
cemmpey hand. faprodhick abe sheer coin from
your left armpit. Perfor anocher Rerencion
Pas, opening your lef hand no show thar the
coin hai turned hack inte ghar invisible, small
filver cheead haa was rellad ince a ball. Mow
bebop a pede ch et
fatle silver ball of thread, As you move your
hand io abe fates Dee hear eg

an 5 H boon theedgct
pi aa side and the innerece-
clon berween the sides of the firas two fk ont
che oaber} and ibere om [0 Grip. Gras the bull
a ae right re seeennal fis
ip. iypley it te pour sadience, apc

the palra co be empey. Pretend eo cake an endl
the thread with che belt thumb ard ss finger,
showing thar palm ve be vy as well (photo
336), ou et Ler nice dizplny atihis poing of

bush empey palms.

Ball the end of che chread doenveard, an if you
were unraveling the hall. Finish by placing the
silver chread back ome the shocer of year ape
car bor from where you heard i) with your
left hard, at the ame time cracfersing the oie
From [00 Corip oo riper palm,

FINAL THOUGHTS: Thia Spelihourd rourime nor
ooly comtains eeme very visual changes, bur the

wetbore and wanishes ure also searsling
beewuse af the empry hand displays Ir can be
dene wt any time standing up withnur the peed
for a cable.

THE CHOCOLATE COIN

‘This rousing is basically a variaticm of Ubimane
Silver Line, However, alehough che movers are
similar, che premise and ending ane very aleffers
enc. Thit rousine is great fer chikleen, le Hirer
appeared on Wolume Three of the Mew Vooik
Coin Magic Seminar DVD series. | changed che
handling of the ending simee then, co eliminate
an awkward mare.

PREPARATION: Ie cedier io pertowen chia rourine,
you will eeed a package of M&Ms, and rwe foal
coversd chooolare coin. Pate che MEMs and
the ewo foil coins in che belt pocket, and you are
ready oa begin.

CHAPTER TEN © SPELLBOUND ROUTINES 151

PERFORMANCE: Remark chat you have kro
blood esrieheraiceprsbint cider ease
of chosole . Reach inte your lef packet, nes
palm one of the coins and bring oud the caber
Four tafe pores Halli cote cobra

ight ct, Hold ibe el fe ookn in
eae hand, beqwoen the eipa of the tbrumbs
ace! finde tan fe Your right hand & palm up
with ehe face of the coin facing the wudbence, 5e-
eretly cramer che foil coin co-a frome finger-clip
position, berween che felt firse and second fin-
pers. Act like you are abour to ear che chocolate
coin, bur instead say thar it is probably impali¢n

taeat in front of your audinee,

Perforen the Soft Change, descritsd bevefly a+
follies; Being your Tefg hand wer 10 che righ
from ahowe, lingers exteruled and poinsing 00
the ight. Roeaee your righr hind dvervaard at
the wena co thar the Face of she chocolare cola
in now Thel no che Floor and fi point pa
ward the sudience. Gonciowe i Eee athe Ie
hand, aneil che fro of che chocolate onfe:
his che lower side of che canendod left chind
fimger. Gonginae to mave ibe bef haved dinen-
ward, and without reving the nigit churvh her
the coin pop out of its gripeand peas againat the
iemer belt fingers, holding che coin ageinae chena
with the tips of ube right firsr and second fine
(pete. Ad enor a the coin is in chin position, pull
the efi fourch finger tread juse 2 bic co creane
& ledge so: ghar che lower odge of the ooim nesck
on it, Withoug hesiacion grasp che free of
the bel colin with che eighe chum, first a

ond fingers. Mowe your ket hand. to the belt with
the chocolate coin resting onthe erated
by che forth finger, caressing che w jhe of
the foil coin wich che left second finger, ‘Turn
the palm of che cighs hana upeeard tes reveal the
face oF che fixed coins

Remark thar however, you ane really hungry.
Place your hat thumb om she chocolare-coin and
hohd it against che firse and second fingers ncar
the tips. Perform Deeck Dingle’: Sucker Change

Free, Koudiman’s Code a8 follows: Bring
your left hand over to and in Frome of the right,
cowering che fol coin with the bee Fingers. Un-
ader the cower of the left fi seenethy drape tse

foil coin one the base of che right fingers and
grasp che lower edge of abe checulate eosn with
the right ehusal and fang tu firgeens: Without
letting goof the coin with che loft ehuenb, reaane
the coin counterleckwise wih the righr fingers,

252 SUBINSTEEN GOIN MIME

tcning teh hands palm doen Slide she ber
baru! olf ibe enin, chen curn i op (showing
Bt og be pa pelo be ques ines
ses ote Gah aed fee coe Uagerip Te
tips hum! ies ewe th ty

foil coin is in right finger palm. ee

pee atti wet froma

~ Perform che Ellis Stanvon Timah
Aisle Color Change from New Coin Tricks, found
ins hit touting Flot y, Pony (hut using the more
moder, ghusnh pls than dhe ore used yeas

ly Si and perlormed ae
your right hand over oo che left, coveri
the « coun with the righe fingers, shumls

moving undermeith the chocolere coin. Insere
abe edge of the chocelare coin inte che cronch
Dasscly poke sighs oak ego te
ja he righ chu i a
foil coin and thumb pakming the chocalare coin.
Withibraw pour right hand to tbe right, placing
the foil cain in left-hand Spelllenmdl peaitiem,
chocelare extn im right shusnl palm.

‘Remark thar chia te fea dikemma. Alter all,
you ae 2 Peel my Wine Change, dhe-
scribed as Follows Stowe che right hand
verte and in drone of che left hand, palm deren

aul fi slighaby Pivot your hand at
te igh wri ae the chocotanc.ooim im
Chum palm mewcs ewer che foil coin in bei-
hand Spellbound position, Withour heiiarion
ase wathour mowmenc of che Teft fiegers, ac-
ceelly drop the foil ooirt vente abe base of the

lenmediiaacly the chawolate cain
bewween the left humb, frst, and second fin-
gertips. Conginue eo pivot your band ar the
wrist away from the left hand, bringing the
fight dhomb ear from under che coin. Inme:
dintely bai fright shut up to che bevel
of the oaher rand reverse che dirccrion of
the right hand, bringing it back weer the coin on
the fron of the Ieft hand im a-wave.

thar beak! just is away For
mow. “Tales piipraieatick a raf tel Spell.
bound positonmwith ehe right hand and preven
te place fc ineo abe Left Instead, pertorm a Fle-
pokn Pasi, recainieg che pecoin in che
right. The left hand as iF ic had rhe choco
late coin fix scill comrains rise foal coimh. Prevendl
bo place ihe chocolate coin inne the left pucker,
‘Chwte iin the t leave che foil goin amd grab
asmall ba ofthe M&Ms, Remove che hand
taking care not to show the MMs: Reprod
ihe cl be ovis Frum ue Deft aereqiie. Choe

again say you will place iraway: Begin vo place it
inna your right pocket and leave i
However, ake your haad our of the packer
thuitth ageinse the fengers 24 i-vou were acill
hokding the eain, and remark, instead of
pruceleng it away, have another idea, Pecgeral
po place ir bres ek band as before, bur j
Intere che dingers brio thee hae as iF they

the coin. Cpen your lefe hand co dhe all he
MEADS. Remark char chitway, everyone can eat!

FINAL THOUGHTS: As opposed no che :
nal version, the hands agg clean except for 1
SEM 's. “To keop the eine hard, | carry them
wish a small ice uneil ready em use. ‘This
= they sey hard anal cold uncil ready ter une,
and don’: mele im the haesds.

IMAGINE A COIN

This is. 5 very inreresing fall fearini 1b
ale a. fs a begins

oA eg lv pao pect ris

jah of wll chooe oir A loa happens in this rou-
ting, making at more than a aypi nad
sqquence, Coins appear, aliappear, and change.
Tris nat casy, bur eory magical | fret presene-
od this handling on ary goch Penguin Live Too
dhoswniliad,

PREPARATION: ‘You will need chee coins A
worn ("sole") athver. Barber half deflae, a worn
(eolt") copper English penny (Bicher a Queen
Vieroriaor King Gs penny, which are darker
than the Eliaaberh pennies, and usually
softer), andl a Chinese onin char is the same aioe
aaa gr cera oe ne on commmcnchal
ones a magic . The coins are placed
into figheshaed finger palm before begin
“The slbee coin 4 oussemoae, Chincieqoen indie
mihile, copper cain agaizcn the fi When
ready tc sare, bring your hands wp to chest bevel
and-rocate ube icokns inca [Me Crap ax Fellrwa:
wend the right fingers ca che left and mow
the firar finger ourward a bit 1 immecbibiee alse
edges of the cobns. Litt the third finger vo allow
the thamb co go under the coins (photo S87)
Insore your right chun under the coins ar che
upward, uedil the oppesipe ina chic
lstenicction Iheewees she tides af the Fira anil
second fingers, Tarn the right-hand palm down,
eel che fie finger and lever che coins upwaed
a hie enere, pea the fire Finger curt ower
the face bo the rim, amd chear edges press
against the shie of che scoond finger.


PERFORMANCE: Turn: co your audience andl say.
"P eald like you show you somecking with pire emp
rrp Aanrads, ar Bier bie of rruagie, stra! power imupgteariont.”

Show bodh hands, palma eo your audsence, and
Fingers of boch hands im che same posisiens,
The coins in JM Grip are hidders daring this
deplay. Drop wer right hand after the es
toa coclomable eeaing on, Ibeboww-
level, As you lower wour hand, graep the qoien
ia [8 Gerip by the edge with your righ chum
Turn your righthand palm inwerd and fimgers
isi re left, sc chan sh soe ocr pe
ually ous of [0 Crip go aire , wd 5
bike porition niet ibe thumb: ard ine
finger: (photo 33), Gestene with your left band
inka “ho imagine ifyou euuld, phar | rake.a coin
cee of the atin, camel eval fe fasar Mike ahs.”

Reach inne the air with your felt hand and grab
an imagisury coin. Rocare the clipped coins
hack fines [SVUGrip and lift your hand po reece
the leaginary coin. Mace-it ar che fry si of
the right thumb and second Finger iad dig ay it
showing an cmpey palm tobe audience. Point
co the imaginary coin with abe left firs finger.
Say, “lesb, about the ese of a Ralf dollar, de Bass
a hid oa one sade, tails on phe other, Heewever, yea
may nor be able po ser dr very moet, unlese | mab it

imo onirenee:*

Being your right hand cece om your bee. vlecer:
As before, gmap the edge of the onina with the
thems, aed rotate them our of JW, Grip, lene
tea clipped position, chen cominuc inte Fryer
pn (copper coin againar che fingers). Bubs 1
ingerson the slecer, chee punk che sibore cute eo
the right fingertips and bring it insu view. Turn
it over a ie of times bemcen the fingers af
both hanes, Findus wich abe coie at che elghe fine
gertips Say, “Woe Jean aake char coi, mab inion iy
vocve, ad! ft eumtisles, erappaariegg coer here.”

CHAPTER TEN + SPELLEDND AGTINES 15

As you say this, pecform che free variation of
the Variation Reresion Pass (Chapoer Two), de-
werilber! beielly as follows: Hokl boch hands with
the palms fscing dowereard. The sifeer coin i
is che righ hand beween the tips of the fret
rave fingers and she thiamb, Bring your left banal
aver co che right and pectond co cake rhe-sl-
ver opin. Under the cower off she Belt hand, ex-
vend the right secemd Finger along the Gre of
the coin, Using Al Sehneidler's Snap luck Tech
nique, bert the secant finger frovared and Hit
the thumb, bei ig the coins (etc ihe bared on
the tipoof che righ second fieger. Chose pour left
fingers around the righe fire finger Coury med:
ly arousal che cote and yeh fiine
the left. Rub whe ble humd (aeppasedly holds
the coin] on the right sleeve andiopen it to show
(a hhas vanished. Sierra He fioed Ht bel
elbow. C the bete-ha recap ara fenpers
aniedcal cece abe ker eats aes pn
gees close oo al sips Say, he f ectry eke dr, mul
ic en nny other dere, and in pumiihies from ehere,
mruppoarieg oper hore.*
Perform ony Figgercie Shurel Face bur withour a
endin in the receiving hand [ basically a half Shue
de Pas} as follows: Par the righe finger-palmed
coins Inco Marko's Holding Posinion (rhe Ataris
Ateve, frome his igg1 Ed Marke Lootare Sivtes
(und first caughe in ibis book wich the move,
Al Click Par, br grasping their dpe with
re imi a elf dhe ade mening sis we
rm co a pesitiors per iouler eo he
ae et jinn the eppodice edge agains
the hase of the second and chied fmgers.. Mace
vour left dhasmb on SRualheerenkei neal tesa poe
lefe hand ower, eis the silver coin pressed
againet che extended belt fingers, Tunn the ri
hand palm upward amd under she left mg
care nor conevead che coins in Folding Posirion
Place yeur left Angers on top of your right fin-


24 RUBINSTEM COI MADOC

geri and place your right chumb on che back of
the left scoond finger tphete 330) Withdraw
woe Fight band eo the right, chumb sliding eff
‘the left lingers and amo the right fingers, sup
ee: hal Hing the abhier avin. ‘Turn pour righr-

and. palra down and nubs your saght fiygcrs an
your Ieft sleeve and separape chem. on show thae
the coin has waned. Prodkce ia From the tight
elbow with your left hand. Replace the clipped
gine back inoe right a palm. PIE fo baa
dave to be carcfal mar tio-rub it ooo hued,

ie vanishes eurmphscly,”

Ag you say this, perform the ACRES. mope,
eretly removing the silver oie from the belt
hand as you indicave che corn anal elowe the left
hand into a fier Secrenly slide the silver enie
on top ofthe Chinese coin. Execune abe Cnaaedl
Ares Subsfere ((Chapaer Fieel, crandesring che
three Finger-palmed coins to Nowhere pala ax
you crea. your arms (right are under the leit}
itt a geiture, mabbing the fimgers of each hand
againe the dhisinh in a orem! moaion. iia
pur ike eins enna Nowhere palm, pi
edge of che coins closeir on the First any bd
the chunwh, and lever chee: uppwaril 3 ‘ever. po
the chird fieger. Qurl che thied Sieger aroussd
the rim of che coins and mvs the chumh off
the edge, which pure them inco Nowhere palm
Unoross che anms and open bash hands shirewin,
acomplere vanish. The mighr hana opens ieee
the aunkirnor, with che fires owo fingers excend-
ed curward, The coins in Nowhere palm can't be
seen, Say, “Fur aparper gore nop flar boise pom oan
flock ananker cain oar of rhe ir, dane! if you rub ir on
your iisene, ip comes hack ineo exisrenoe.*

Muck anocher piece of duse oud of alse sir wish
your left hand and fa beween che Hips of
the right chum and firet raw fingers, whewy at in
displayed with che ooine scifl in Nowhere palma
Mit your right hand oeer a the belt
Trasster che coins from Nowhere ts finge= pal
re Kenting ae the chind finger and roraring
them ins pales wich the right iamb, sil-
vet coin hee eatward. Rub om the skerve and
pee silver nin to the Gngertips. Display it
curning if aver 3 couple of gimct with che
fingers a th hands. Finigh bye patting it in
left-bandi Spelliseand posizien, berween & tips
of the rhuemb and firse rn fingers. Sav, “Bat you
awe to he cared mor eo rode a coin che tering: Sty.
Recuruse if'you do, someeimes ir changes int copper,


CHAPTER TEN = SPELLBOUND FIMITINES 155

Pisce veut righe thm oa che fingger-paleeed
coins, curn your hand palm down sith fin
extendal, Bring your reghs hand ower thee
aed cover ihe sibeer coin. Uneler the cover of
the fingers secrecly drop che silver coim once
the base of che left Fingers andi leave che copper
and Chinese ovin in Spellborn pevition, eop-
FET cole On Hop. ‘The (Chinese coin is ueeler
copper and can't be seen. This is the Fred Kapa
handling of Edward Victor's Goler Change Fem
abe sghe notes Kage en Cain, Move your tight
hued po the right, revealing the change.

‘tou will now porfirm Kier KiemecTs Sioa! Bank,
Turn your right-hand bo show it oes
ty Tarn ic palm down, extend the fi

move back aeer che coins, bur igo he
deft hand secretly place your right thumb on the
Gee of che silver con (pedo pages
move ROUT hand re che ke 1
riaig.ar ae ator eg aaa mara =
and ben apward weil ie hits the inner right
Fingertips (pote 342) The raehr han! comcine
ues moving coward che belt unaid chee ara
Chinese com hit ibe cronch of the theamb, In che
serve prtasgieees, chiseeshs geal alee: eatires axel jrrene
che silver gin against whe inoer side of the righe
fingers. Move the righ hand co she right, placing
che silver cnin in iets Spell bounal posision (pteebe
B43). Wirhour hestaiion continue oo wathdew
the right bund co che right, revealing the silver
coin. Say, "Noe F can thar coin change from
copper ce ilar, mo copper, amd hank jo ile”

Bring she right hand back wo che left, covering
the deer oon. Uniden the cover of the right fim-

.mocectly drop che steer coi again onto che
Fase of the fingersand grasp theecoins char are in
chun pahen wil che nips of che belt chums ond
fret pwo-fingers. Moree your right hhamd ro che

right, co show the change hack aay “That
ee Fiabwand Weewor Thinl Aalet Coker Change

(reared a5 Move #1} from che rourime The Changing
(Coin, i the 1937 book Magic of the Harels,

One agals perfor: Ken Kreseely Sreal Back,
to bring che dlver coin oo left-hand Spellisound
paition, and che copper and Chinrse opin to
right thumb palm, Say, “New: J don’ afeayv kare
oo rub-che coin, Swart fuse cod afndoar over che
coin, amd inchanges again.”

Avoyees sare this perform iby Wiese Changs (cha
car Par dewribed betelly as fillers More
the right band over co and in (tone of the belt
hand, palm diwen aril fin lightly spread
ihe had ge he : gabe the
copper/Chinese colm in thu! mM mes
eer the silver coin im bele-hand Spellbound. po-
pene pt artpcler Wy neg i
ener ofc fingers, secretly the silver
coin once the hase of rhe fingers. Ernedianely
grap the copper/tchinese cain between the belt
thusah, fiew, and seovnd fengertips. Coma biie to

moa WOU hand ac che worker away Soom aise belt

nd, bringing che righr humour from sander
the cain, bmmediately bring: right chumih
up tothe level of uke osher finigert and reverse
the direcubon af che sigha fan ing ir hack
aver the coin oo the Front of she [ef hand in
a wave, Say, “Hur you gor to be careful mee ny rule
pre pr a me veces kent
o wlleer io copper, cappar io silver, somer
sana cal ange inte a Chinew coin, mith a hole
raghe int the eeriner”

Sheew your right hand oo be empay. cher beri

it over go aber lel Phenend io subs tho tobe i

the right fimipers, Bet withdraw ibe right hard
tothe righe, waking she copper coin with ic
with the thumb aa fingers {the thambs: heikds
ie agains the fieygers at it withdraws) om reveal
the Chinese oains (photo 344), Trander the cop-
per eain bo right finger palm, and the silver coi


156 RUBINSTEIN COIN MGIC

tb bef fi polm, Tarn the Chinese coin ower
4 re es berween the thamb and first
fingers of boch hands. Finish with the Chinese
coin in che right hand, held ar che fingertips of
the shamb and fire: Finger, Say, “Now thar
probably dideirexpece. You mene probably ahi i
mould oer d oopper coin,

Perform the slidesie phase of the She Jose
(Chapter Five), oo place the Chinese coin be-

hind che copper oni as jou bring wou hand age
cecyerur mouch vo blow on it. Briclly, cond che

firs ewe Em and with che chur the
coin down di re coward whe base. “Then
curl the

and with the Hate intent
the cain behind abe copper cui. After you
sits oe tes banks score ceke

iit Mose, i copper ic
the right fingertips. Continin = ana change it
inet ab ailper gre,”

Perform the fins variation of the Wariarion Re-
contion Puss as already described im thie nourine
te precend te cake che coin, reallly retain=
ing it in the right. Scereely Bide he corres eet
ower the Chinese onin-as yau-wigghe tbe left fist,
then opee it po show ehe change on silver: Say,
“Bese ee nee to rub the goin noo hard, beruar
{pow rriny rub i our of exten...”

Perform the RES. move, ucaling the ather
coin oat oF the deft hand ae you indicate the
coin. Secrediy slide ir over the copper oein amd
begin co make crumbing motions weth che left
fingers. Excoure the Craand Arms Subelery by

inp your arms and acereely transferring che
coli ow the finger palm co Newhere palm
(ax you did carlicr in che pourine). Say, “_anftich
Rearwes mig cei rere conpery Aaaneds, a flere bie of magic,
rid pom feriagimeiraat.”
Make a few more crumbling mocions with che
fingers searibeersicrer alle eeathe Uneven vouar
arms and open your hand as beclore, eons bael=
den in tight Nowhere palm, ia ahow char the
coin has complencty vanivbest.

FINAL THOUGHTS: As srased, — more
than a fal rousise, all i concains

Laer The appearance of the
Chinese ovie is quite a surprise, bur che ending
with he vanish makes che courier circular — yea
begin with nothing, andond wich mcabing, just
jour [eaaginarion

FOUR-WAY SPELLBOUND

‘This routine was developed when | te
search for an Lebo patie way tain f spate
com co a Spellbound rourine, withour che wse
of gaffe coins, | Found thar the useepected. ap
pearance of a third coin was a fitving and magi-
cal climax foe a roucine. Homrict ebding ates
coins did not-scem mo exnendl che magic, Magi-
cin red to appecciate the enasipularion
more wham laymen wok! apqrecizer ibe mag-
ic. Unless the neason was dactaged be: che parter
beach a David Roib’s routine, the Pliner!, che
use of mone comings did noc eethaewe the magic
of che poutine. 1 fieally. ipa thar there waa
anther j and chor is whan | om nei

here. The sl ‘has never been mutha bakin

pirated Perr talh com Gr
ver hh ar, & Copper i ; a Chi
nes? coin thar ii the wine ef a bral f, arul a
matching Chincee coin that t the sine ofa silver
dolla. Hare are several euespaities that anise
Bonar matching Chinese cound in bok viees. |
usc dhe | ian (hinese coins for chia nou
tine, Gprionally you can also find this coin-in
a chreevinch aie if you wane a large coin pros
duction ac che end of the rousing (explained in
che FINAL THOUGHTS sectionh, Ifyou don't have
the Chimes coins in ibe righr siecs, you-can juat
change around the onder of the enim and use a
allver half daliar. a Moan ailver dollar, amd a
three-inch silver coin Gideally one that marches
the dollar, but not akuohsely mecesary),

To begin, place the dollarsized coin into abe
left pewker, ‘The other three coins are held
paced ino a snack: On che bottom Is che silver
codn, copper coin in the middle, andon top the
Chinese coin. Alb ahree are in Nowhere palm,
silver coinon che borgom

PERFORMANCE: To begin, chow buch hands
with palms toward che audience, The exits bn
Nowhere pales cacrr he seen. Secrechy transler
the eaten ge fi alin, with the silver coin
outerenens, Rewk tds qvour belt armpat ard
posh the her coin co-your right fingertips.


Tar. your ~hanall up te al the
‘van = ri ores nae sry
You ae now going oo perform the Sepana-

= Fe i sacrcton of che Vernon
Chuingewer Pain), 00 cramer che copper coin
jeao ibe heft hand during che act of cucming che
silver coin aver Ierween the hingers of boah
hands. Ir i a choreographed move, and ta he
ective muse be done in a smiecdh manocr
Alber yoo produce the silver coin, mann your
right-hand palm up co de the coin af the
toa oF the tun and First ingen, Spemet hy aller:
the o coin go roll dowsreand tomard the
fuerth Finger, ao chaz ic is still im finger palms bua
nae partially off the Chinese eois iphoto 348.
This eeparation is Eeporeenr bor the next accioe.

Tern your left-hand palm up wo reedive the
silver coin at che fingertips. Turn eour right-
hand. palm down over the exrended fingers of
tp Kei oad, ‘he sibecr cok lies oer
the the left fire finger. Scereely drop the
copper cain ont the Age (aneto 346) aml
bring dhe sikeer ceiry ep oo the Left Firggerebpe.
The Chine: onin remaica in right finger palma.
Thar] che belt fingers ao tha the copper cole is
naw in lef finger pales and grasp che silver cain
bemeen the rips of ube left rsembs and Eirsr fim

¢ iphoto 347) ‘Wichiuc hesieatkn, mam ‘pour

hand palm down amd the right-hand palm
up, placing che silver coin inte the righs
ae the cipt of che chumnls and Fire: fimger, Say, “hr
Lools fie a half dollar, boar iff proces it you cin ier
thar che coin is erally copper”

CHAPTER TEN « SPELLBOUND ROUTINES 157

Performs a Revrnalon Maas:into che deft hand,
creily recaining: che silver coin in the right, Wig-
we the belt band, at che same time secrctly wa
ing the silver coin emo the Chincer cain, Chen

the hand to reveal the copper eoie. Exccute the
Faaktinecint Sabilery [Chapter Fivel, dhewcrted
brielhe as folleraca: in eo barn yosar eigha-haral
palm rel with disperse catemded 0 the led
Justa be ore bk begin fo retabe your hand, bend!
it dhe: cigher fingers a bie more aed crascher che
eddies to chumb palm (Chinese coin againsr che
whamb. [ress your thom’ against whe side of
wour hand uo the cige of che coins can't be seer
i ot Ba meer ma —— it
completely palm ap, ax there tra at
goles in thumb vale hename ‘able

Aue vem potas power righe hark upward, cura
your left-hand palm down amd com che copper
coin onto dhe right fingers. immediately reverse
the action, sarnieg che right-hand pale down
and che left-hand palm up, cossing: the copper
cols back onro the lett Fingers. This accion gives
the impression har che right hand is empty:
With che right-hand palm down, place your
right finger: over she copper coin, aamls going

158 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGHG

undernesch. Pick up che coin and place it inne
left-hand position, held berween
the rips of che left chum and fires wen fingers
(photo 348). Say. "if you wn it the arin changes
back ro nilver, and anith another rub, back re-copper.”

Mone the palne-<hiwn right haral on the lel, ew
eting che copper coim Under the cover of che
right fingers, seeretly drop che coin oma
the bace of the fingers and jranp the cobne char
gnarl iecly Haig vay Os Ps
first cwo Fingers. Move your right

the right. po show the change back um silhren, "This
isthe Edward Victor Thumi-Falm Cider Change
(noged ae Move Ff) front the rourine The (hanging
Cais, ie ahr 1gg7 book Magic of the Hlanala,

Perform the Rudinwein Steal Back (Chapret
Foesr), deserthed briefly as follies: Tarn your
nad palm so that tris seen oo beempe

ty. Tiann it palen , extend. che Fingers amd
ewe your hand co the left, cowering. the
coins in nd position. When yor snrive
at the keh resected place yin rig thuenh
oe the righe rim of | goin, Contimar
femove yeurriphr hand to che felz, pushing the

the copper coin ineo the mter-

section bemween the aides of the firor and cone
Fingers. As acem as the eulpe sprikes this insersec=
Hoe, move year chanted che rim oo che under=
side of the coin, and Lever ic apwand unall che
coin now lhes perpendicular eo che bef Fingers.
Shaft the ree-codn sack mothe right with the
left thumb, 40 thar ic mew Iles in the eresch of
the right shamb, This movement ix covered by
the right fingers and is nor seen. With the right
Phun, prese rhe face of the copper coon agama:
ns Br ghd af che right Fmgers, sirsaltarcously
“oe a; iy fac Seat rh Mowe the
right. Boe eeepeT coe
ineo lefe Spell hah ighom. Wichour hestra:
rion conainne oo withdraw the hand te
ins siateay: albu Wer goat coin
copper ware sack remains in

i ind palm. Say, “fey jest cant

me poi pur teh fort

Borform my War Chaege (Chaprer Four), ale-
scribed brictly as follrwa: owe the 1 t hana
ewer eo and in Frome of ibe left anal, palm down
and fingeew slightly spsead. Pivoe your hand at
the right war, wo thar the coins in thuznb palm
move aver the cc coin in leftshand Spell
hound! postion. Worker sesiracion amd-witks

p-usienstinsirripaber? oa blasts ta ay

ibe copper coin eeno che base of che fingers. Im
modiaecty prasp the ewo-onin stack bepween ibe
fee chunth, fiese, andl scoond fingeetiga. Contin
teete phone wour hand an ibe writs away From whe
lefe band, bringing the right chums ous from
wander the coin, Imesedkacely bring year rahe
churns ap: to che level of the veher of

reverse he direction of che right hi ig
ing it back: over the coin no che front of the Kok
band in awave. It looks like che copper coin bas
changed back co silver,

Place yrur ri thuneh unabericach the ewe
cooing, hint and scoond fiegens om the righs
cet diher cain. Lift both eat on wat oF Spell
poe beri tieb ae
Pulling the Chinese ewit hack
ve Shor so char now of dr Hes against
the inner side of the fingers (phate S60). Secret-
ber aap coin co tall onpo the Sora
rm Larra’s Fingertip Tint po
keh alter abel wail li drag
Chapicr Nine, in abe poutine Fiailight Zone Wild
Goin Show Verrionl. Bricfly, resate the coin by
fret necring the second fenger inward oo
thea ide jinat the Fee of the erin,
the dhumb, which clipe the evin berween che
tips of the first and second fingers. Preis on che
topal che exin-with she sbeamnbs, axed Lift che first
finger edf che coin, mseving leno che ocher side
soar the cole bs mow ped ews het
of the thuenb, fret, rade pene Fingers. Ex
thar whenever you put che coin away, le always
comes euck.


CHAPTER TEN © SPELLAOUND ROUTINES 250

Perform a» Reomaion Mass inte che left hand,

chosing the Ie hand as af if tok ihe silver

coin, Trend eo place it into che kA pocket,

disching che copper coin. Sceecaly comme the

doltsr-siced Chinese enin, beeping le hidden in
i

fen) Reach wader your left: armpir anil
poh ie silver coin co abe Fingeetige, recaining,
the Chinese coin in Finger a in thas
the ressom thar all of things happen is
because the cola was made iin China, Rub: the
coin om your left sleeve, performing the slide-in
phate of the Side Alou (Chapter Fivel, Bricily,
excend he sight frret and secured fiegers andl use
the chub qordrag the silver eoin diwpraard te
ward the base, inserting it behind the Chinese
coin, Pat your thumb on dhe Chinese coin, co
sengially holdeng both eoans ai one apabner pour
fengers as you seb on your deeve. Come mea
from your deeve perlorming the lide-cat phase
cof che Slide Mose, bringing rhe Chincic cent inae
‘view a1 you push ic apaicna abe ball of the fina
finger with your thumb. The silver com remaina
in righa-hand Finger palms

Porfarrs batia’s Fingertip Tiel ax before, co abv
both sdeaof the coin. Explain char che only way
to i fa coin pp prea ere eae re
ia all thy bigenr a! ne jaz, i
2 coin Pasi anoo ake Ie hand. Secrerby
sliding the Chinese coin ocao the sibeor coin aa
you wipgie vour left hard. the ke hand
to thew that the coin it tow che aie of a dollar

Execute the Rubdeaein Sublry as beloee, rox
ing the dollar-sired (Chineac coin iio the right
hand. The noc sack is serene! es
fr to ikem palm at you tose the large
bt oy ar Toss br back inte the bel

hand, and secréthy arazsfer che ewo coir back
into finger paler. Pick up che large coin wich che
left chun andl Fret Finger lace if on: ehe
table or give 1 bo your specranor er eer nt cen.

FNAL THOUGHTS: ‘This routine can be conmed~
ed ferher ina few different wavs. IP you wane
a large cotn finish anal howe the dhree-inch cols,
place in inao your back-left pecker wor ariach it
roa hokler or under your belt, Aw piu dinplay
the dollarsizeel coin in year right band, seereth
grab the chnee-inch coin wich ecru Bett, Faodaling bt

inex che palm with your You can aay.
oie thar dun’t omy beig Firctah,, MES di omy Big fii!

Baing your hands vogeitwr, simubmaneourly
dhding the dedlar-sized cain behind the ather
coins with the thumb (slidle-in phase of the Shide
Ave), With bork hands palm experd che
fingers so-that the chreesinch cain:a re um
den baat hard ‘The three coins arc be! iret
the base ef ghe Fengers with che riphr vhurdh
Deop dhe lange coin ore the cable no fimish.

Inewead of the dollar sized, cain, you can take
eat ore on bau other fescign caine deed extend
the inagie by condinulng oo change the cole
abandoned chis srategy because | felt chat the
‘bea way to capondd the magic wan noe with adlibi~
tional color cha bus with changing che site
af adhe coin. Ie whic cane, the dollaresized coin
ana the chaee-inch coin make more sense to me
than adding adilitional ois for sore changes,
However, W yom have the right pacer and can
eonse up with a climax, going po the pock-
et helps 0 subract and add coins ax needed.

180 ALIBINSTEIN COW MAGIC

SHATTERED SPELLBOUND

‘This routine was developed va ahowease a GE
forenc ending eo the standard Speflbound rou-
tines, | wanced an ending chat was different
thane vanish or ube prodeccion of a abind coin,
hot thar mode senac. | food thar chia routine has
anwwenal ahat ¢hallenge ace) im addition, pro-
vihew an isnereatiog vxriagiom of the Slide Mow,
It has never been published before or appeared
oma DATY Thin turing a6 designed fe be per
formed sranding ay at a talhe.

PREPARATION: Im order io perfoerm chis pourine,
youwill nerd a worn (*soft") Walking Liberty or
Barber halfdedtlar, a-worn (aol) n Viena
ria of King George English pony, and abour fife
toon Lincoln pennica chat aren't shiny. You will
athe nerd-a paper penny holder, che kind giver:
away at banks, They came as paper pubes and
are designed to hold filey potnics (photo 354)

Open the cube and Gohl ic 1 cresse the o ine
Pin Fold and orease ita couple mone ae
thar iz neve hocks tke a round wake, Place a few
peonics inside, chem fold op the boctom eo char
they stay inside (pits 352). Fall the cube with
= Bac te pet aE ee
abs ay Taga PATTY Ae witht Th Day
ohh vale phate Sea Plseethid penny ake ap
in yearright packer along with che copper pene
fv. Place che half dollar ino veur lets pecker,
and you are ready no begin.

PERFORMANGE: Reach ime your pockets, ine
sorting the penny tube ine Ghumb palm, wich
the ponny-wibe lodged im the cromch of the
thumiand he nese ef che cube againer the palin
(pets $54) Place the English penny into n-

Fysalm. Korine: bath harels from the pockers,
brie ing oat the saber eum with the bet hand:
Explain ikar when magiiane do goin magic,
Chey like no cise the old silver coins Hold che
coin in leftshand Spellbound posicion, berween
the ips of che thumb and fire rwo fingers. Ro
tare ft with the lp of the hirer finger eo show
boch shies, explaining char che old coins ane ect
only Ibeaurifal, bat valuable because they ane
made of silver, Say. “home mugiciane sri! insist iv

ning phe old inspper Englteh pomnics”


Phase ONE: The Changes
Place che tip oF your wight thumbs agains: the
coin in finger palm amd external che fingers.

Bring your right fingers over che siher cain and
alice hee ctggpcs ceftron top ol the Wbver 2a che
the eoiea are helel as ane, ‘The rcedn bt
slighely langer chan che silver coin, so ahe silver
coin. is wonypleacty hidden. “This fs similar co»
mere and comecalment used hy Ross Bercrans
fev abe cag bootie, The Magic and Methods of
Row Bermam, in the tick, The Changer.
boterrige coer en eee i et
ing she change, Say, Ponce are wary

nev wort sot mech ar the ailper gin”

Rotate weer left hand to show the face of che
copper cain vo the audience, mowing your efi
first fi ef the cols ao char hey ane omy
held by the sips of the sbumb and second fim~
ger. Once che tec of the copper coin is acer, re
the edge with che forr Fingertip ared cure:
Peck io che ceiginal Spellicand posirien, Chace
again being right band aver ta the left, ex
tena ie Eiger eran thosopper coin andlitic
right teambunder tbe saharr coi. Seerethy prese
dlown lightly on the copper enie amd wirhdrarw
both che hand and the copper coim to the right.
Place the sight thumb under che copper coin
to pies it agaier the eorended re as you
move cdf the silver colm na reveal the change.
Rotate the silver coin wich yoor left fear Finger
“The silver coins i i oe
and back, while chy copper coins are worm and ire
Bard oo src amy derail arall"

Baa fem hand over the ailver coin ot
silver coin, perfonen whe’ Raps variarion of the
Viewor Coker (is firse comin im abiis book
under the section describleg nee Mow (Tugel 1
let che ailver coin secrerly drop once the base

CHAPTIA-TON = 2PDLLIDOUHO ROUTINES DOb

of the fi hearing the copper coin an ite
pce. ‘Withdraw your right bared 10 she sigh,
rovcaling the change. Snap the enin pe
acvertical position, feekd at ahe boron by che
Hipeof the dbemls and fsrar eoes fi Perfo
che Lana Fingernip Tete! (tree chapoer Nine,
tough in whe rourine Theilkghe done Wild Galo
Show Versioal co show borh sides of the copper
com, desorbed bricth as. foflewe: Rorane the
comm with che lef fingers by fine moving the
scoond finger inward arid pressing ther mail side
seine the oder of the cain, Relcaie the thumb,

ich clips theewin berenen che tipsal the fee
and scoanil finger, Pres os the cop of che coin
with che churiby, ard lai che fiewe inger al che
coin, snowing bt eoghe eaker side co dhar dhe cole
is nw grasped berween the tips of the thumb,
first, andl eeceond fi . face to che wadicnce,
Bare “Masha ahing ir char the ster cokes aves”

You ane moe going coceccune a variation of che
a that f call ne apr hae ae
Hi the copper cain bye al Puree |
tipiebibedhambsand frst fnger, Shakewbe oni
hack arid forth, ly perhornsing she slicle-im
and abide-ous vl the Side Move. Briefly, ex:
ered che fret core fingers, and with che dumb
drag che coin dowen che fingers toward the base
Then carl the fi and with che chumb: cip
insert the coin behind che silver cain, Inemedi-
ancly Follow with che slidk-car phase of the Slide
Moor no push che sibecr ocin oo the rips ol che
thom: and fine Finger, Excomte Latta’: Finger:
tip Tisin! to show beogh aides oF abs coin, | beavis
like vou shook abe coin and ir visilly changed
to silver, Gomtinuc to say thas dhe ovine
hick selsd best esse fe 3 they are
actaally very fragile. Perform the Shake and Slide
Move again, #0 thar che copper coin is mw’ aise
played ga the ps. oF the ehumnh and Firse finger,
ace ao the audience.

282 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

Jfince, the covin Es so: raged

Phase TWO: The Shatter

Ag pou perform the Shake and Slide Mowe, low
er your right hand co waist leeel. Bend in your
righe second finger co couch the borrean of
the ponny ofl (pete 355) Mull che ponny roll
our ef chunth pale (phate S56), so ai te lies
aerona abe bose of the fing, open aide reward
the shard finger (photo 257). Tier yeear right-
hand palm down, ee-grasping ehe ube in thumbs
palin with he borcom. of che evil now. in
the creoh of the chumih. Exernaially vou have
carned the soll over in your hand. Bend your
right chird finger inward so char its side covers
the oper end of the nate (phota ABA)

‘You ang nee ging to rotace the copper coin
heeween the firgers as follows Puch che fee of
the « eoin onen che dade of abe Gree fin
sf Chat ihe rem Ges the sidicece (photo
Saat Grasp the top of che copper odin with
your wight wbamb and fersa finger, firsr finger
on the same side a che lett chumb (photo
Release the prip on che coin winks the belt. hand.
Turn your p arrren palm up, and felt-hored
palm down, slowly lenting che pennicsiceme-our
of abe rell as you rorace che hand (pose Dd).
Graspabe penny with the ips oF che fete chumeb
and these finger, Release ake prip with the right
hand, purning palms po the def as you gunn t
lefttharel palin wp Ligh side Bie coin. Say, “In
hat arrey force wll

case Ur fo karte”

The pennies ehould mow be moarly oor of che
cube in a stack at che bau of the righa fingers,
held by chee chied finger on the bovrem of che
wack and the ube om pep. Both hands now
move in unison In ame action slide the cop-
porcoin an cop af che her coin aml par aber
meh iris left abeimls palm At the carte time,

aparene the ¢liend cn of dhe cube an che croich
al che thumb againss abe hard with che dhambs,
ney shy oe and Zapping the hands

her. Rub che haniis cogesher, making: sare
ime all ofthe pennies are our of the rube. Open
the hand: palm downward. ‘The pennies will fall
onto the cable as. iF che copper coin ehateerced
(phote B52,

Pitase THREE: The Cleanup

‘The left hand new has both cours in thasmb pram
and ghe vight hard has the pay toy guibse ivt hugely
im. Pac hoch barely pales ie an the rabde,
Hs exttreded, ro gather she oni ame puch
them peward dhe edge af che cable. fring che lett
bund under the rable candicutl che fingers. Trana-
forthe cobne inv ake: tips of the secomil andi shind
fingers. Tue che hang palm co che audiener and
ad che fingers a bi Raise your hand back
ti the table so thar only your fmigercips sray
below che cable's cope (phot 363). The cosas
are hidden from view amd ete ta
open palm reinforces the idea that the hand iy
empey, Mobe char his is aslighe variarion of my
nad Fi Sub which appeared firs ie
ae mache pane d Leerure Moves (le 1g
Harry Lorie: hed Cavid Regal's Tar
Stund up Coins a ai the Table rourine im his
book Smarr Quality which wed my move, bor
rand inl credir ime. This was corrected in
a liver reprint.

Pooh the peanics into the bef, hand with che
tighe, accrethy rsnpyjsicnyg the pat peniey roll
jane che bane along oath che penises. Cloar
your lefe hand around: the pennies iodine
the paper rod, copper and Ole onina], o
place ibe all away bo cheam wp.

FINAL THOUGHTS: In this roucine there arc tree
changes, with cach change marching the parte.
The sharering of she coin isa BMy enr-

The method of the premics isa
ites ‘wey 0h eh aba with the curras, Leaving
yon socwh: clean, You cait vary elie pruigirse bw
‘usitigg a euedaen ching Queers Elizakerh jhe.
ny ieagead of the half dollar. The rousine wirulal
work gh dame way, bat che patter wold reflect
new coin ve ob oni. The Queen Eleabech pen
Ayvetidh eo heen down oo euech che sise of che
smuller half dollar.

CHAPTER TEN © SPELLBOUND MOOUTINES 164

164 AUDIMNSTON COM MAGIC

CHINESE EXPLOSION

‘This rouse wat deve! after searching for
a way to uriliee she War Change in a produc-
recente Si tise ako
eCTRON secquerce: Ua impo a bxarul
idea, with a mulri-coin ending: tie ine thar
Potei tees in a com
magicians collecrion but can be eaitly obtained,
from available srurcee Ancraube eon
ean ahe he und, as discussed in the
THOUGHTS section: In adidaeon, there is anciber
hasdling af chis same effecr thar ean be found
acthe end of thie book. This roucin: has never

appeared before kn pein or on ary OWT

PREPARATION: In order po perform abies routine,
Late several Chincec coins of varying sites, ‘The
first ina ceal Chinese coi, Some of these coins
snare ee a green hue, eae
dee of an i Peter, or pate
sete ake gee rol a nper-
met. They come is many difference snes, 20
need wo either Ae caetentivdkceirina bao
sore nev, and look for che eliameter
a tending: artes hepcrhitie OF Ue
coin The scar otn es ghdonlerd Chee
coin, exactly the whe of a half dollar. (use an
odd Godhman-anyle Cl coin, Ihat you eum
wie the tone 1 isn Chines cain in
heal ae sine (or a of the gold dee) hh
work just as welll Fs you c Chie
ex Reg sind colon, which ie ‘oth z-small-
et than a half dollar ther bhi than a quar-
tel, and vere chim You can a chess coke om
Amazon, bur thene-are varying sizes availibl,
Be sure vo per che coins in abe size off 1.2 7
(just a bi amaller chan the size of a half dollar)
be: size oF cach of the ihrer oP colt ix

ne cir aro ad au bee alle eo be
in astack in Spelilsund position, eritheat
falling eat ef your hase,

To prepare, make a seack consitting of che eight
smalls oa, dled ley tac hablo stir
pana peace ‘chi.
ire sory enn them in pines ae ne
ri argest coin againas che palm atc
hase af che fires Finger (phate 2B4)

PERFORMANCE: ‘Tur to face your audience,
sight band cupped over the left wrist (a casual
gesting position chat alto gives the appearance
ofenspey hands). Say, *Vjaer gee baok from a magic
conpenion in Hurpail, A magic comiention ip where
magicians from ail vcr the ieee moet and whater
heir Te ment held aro beauriftal bored, ancl |
wonterd a ing the kneel man greene
eth @ eeremential evvath roared
heir necks, called a bat Bur skew ey friend amd J
entered, ter tnere he bay peaile na et ape
sl cy Sg at
Me said, ‘Because we're.

While here Thad she 4
t im a irick, f
Sn wn eh somecthing, Me didn't way a
ptt gig dg
an ine

oi Nakig os be

each ine che ait with your ket palm toward
the wadience and poerend 10 a.ooin am mbar
fingertips in an inwerted Spelled
an eistreip ner ple cate
coin ie maw in proper am,
fucka bey ase secant far “an
and fire two fingenk Perform che Wire
(Chapeer Four) ai a production, described
icfly an follkevors: Mowe ahi hard over to
toad i Bobs oh aie ee bund, palen down and
slightly spread. Fiver your hand: or che
raw ise, so char the scack oFcoins | in chim
Ins moves over the invisible ccin in left-hand
lbownd pesition. Without hesitation and
without movement of che eft fi
the seack of coined berweem ihe leh thumb, fire,
and sccond fingcniips (pee 365) Note thar
sometimes 0 srahiline she stack | grasp thee
with che hind finger a0 well. Continue to pivot
lenis at the win away from the lefi
betnglne the right thumb our from under she
oii Emeselia bi Chines
cit nana isan one te
ibrection of the el “hk
coer abe cotta the Fam oF the end be
a wave. The wadience seca only a visual appear:
ance of che real (Chinese coin. The holes in che
coins ling up nicely so thar ir re that there
isnoching underncarh the coin in chat che
pie ate wavel his haxd ever che coin again,

in timer it vanished!


Tur your right-hand palm up ina gesture os
wou sav chis, so chac [e cam be seen to be empey.
Turn it back palm deem, excend abe fingers aed
move bp ower che left hand, chums going under
the stack and che coins ints thumb pal po-
sion, Lmmediately follow by performing the
Wire Change an a vaniwh, 1 ping she mack wT
coins ine right ehumnbe aS yOu wexve yoru!
right hand over the lef, Righe after you geaap
the stack with che sight hand, cleo and open
the ket hand, moving the fingers as a magical
geseure. Tarn your left reward abe gull:
ence eo chow char che hand is now compherely
empey, Chrap: your hand dightly amd sun
palna down. curling che fingers and cramefenring
the stack of coins oo Fingewaip rear (pio SRE}
Say, “Baler J could aide bere dr won; he enached
under his armpir ana produced mc avin.”

Place your raghe chun on the real Chinese eoin
beh hop af the sack ged reach under vane lat
armpet. Puik che real Chiscee coin to ehe mbps
of your ibamls and firs Finger. Note thas de-
pending on che friction caused by whe surface
af che coins, this may prowe oo be 2 bir more
difficult cham it seems. ‘To alleviane amy hesita-
tion in ing the coin co che fingertips or ac
cidentally draggin, ahe gold colm slong with the
regular coin, another maneuver can be dine, As
yeu neach under che armpir, lever che wedge oF
the teal oxen closest bo the third fieger upward
with the thieml: (phate 366A), Mipping it aver to
be presser againae dhe brad fir hy eikonal
‘Tbe other coitw will nog ore. 1 call this che
Sqparanien Flip, Press che other coins sgainse che
center oF your palms and wichdeaee yee hace te
display che eeal Chinese coin ae chee eiges of che
thumb and firsr finger {photo 267).

CHAPTER TEN * RRPELLEQUND PAMUTINES LS

186 RUSINSTER COIN MAGi:

mas Vieirl fas: first in er
Nine. in che roaring Zoee Wild Cain
Show Version). Briefly, roeane che coin: by first

fing ibe second treand to prow che
wallaide inet. che face of the codn, Rebrase ghe

chuseh, which clips the coin beaween the cpa of
the ferse anil, sean i fesse ce tog oF
the coan wigh the dhunth, and 1ift the first
off che coin, mowing it to the coker sade so
c eiemine cory ence gene beer the tips of
the thuenh, firse, amd secomd fingers. Say, “The
om cri sel ets
became che coin can change tines pole

After ou swirl abe onin, place ia neo left band
sig em Hg the dip rie
bs and First gw Kinagees, Lower yenar
fingers go bring the stack inva fingertip reat, and
place chem ing chun Jai, gold Chinese coln
che palm atk har tae be Ere
Borare che onin in Spellibcund posirion with the

left fire a couple of times 1c show boch
plex, 2 wa cal arpenalen away fren the
right hand. Perfiem che Wane Change, scorcily

drepping che neal Chinese coin ene the hase of
the figom and merrting rhe wack ineo left-hand

sree belebe cna caoged cs § ie
magiclan sai he ey it ooking od

Aux yom imaty hike poet “tim hades ploy tu
Back (from Phe Foarl as follows: Tarn
jpour righe-hand palm wp so thar it be scen oe be
mst ih it palm down, extend the fingers

a hand po the left, qxecri

te pi rk When cou arrive at dhe
place your right thumb on ihe
right im mr ee eet ee eee oe ea
Hace your eight hand eo che belt, pushing the
pperiane Fe adieol dha veal Chinons odin ince ghe
imersectkon berwcen ike aides of she firse and
second fingers. As soon as the edge strikes ats
imersection; move your thumb aif che rim oa
slam is ppb wg
until the coin now lies perpendicular to the belt
Shittabe coin sack ao che _ with che
ls etapa eseme abe in the crorch of
the right thems This movement ix comer hy
irk fingone andl in not aoc, With the right
ae pba dapat aes enln
per use fi a Te, fi Tatic~

‘sly death pale i ky el "

hand co the the real Chinese coin
ince belt Sel yr Withour hesiza-

brcvagokion rang op oer seer
igh, i change of « coin to
ihe al CAinene ccfn.‘The teack of cond cowiainn
oe
piaeecespenbcnike vers

ite Nir Heporfa wi ot
Bring your right hand aver to the left
and poform che Winer alt cer
Sooper poesia
a ‘code ire
position, a thay it soem thar dh ged Send

oui has omee again changed om ‘Atlee’ dhe
change, Eurn vouE right-hand up if a peu
tare, showing it eo be emmpre SE fig, uae, “Wien |

pilin oy low ar ie, oki ool once axgnin camcthedt

Perfonm one Phop Saeiech from my egy A
Caule Lecture Nowes and first taught Dee
ter Nine in che rourine Tedight Zone Will Goin
Show Version), an follows: Furn the left-hand palm,
dimers andl preeced siedrope the gold Chincag cain
ci? spi an eh gril
hat eo hi bri che haxelh,
ee fer oem a th im the seach,
formin the sick and aBlew the
or rina to “roll” our of left finger palm
andi once the bas of the right fingers, uling
pepsi reco aaa a

real Ghinese coin fall.

oe Crumble ahac ii eencthy clippieg tte
pees th Fy i pee

ating the chuswh py manewer ibe

coin nl rit Conip. Oper the hand wish she fin

ficbedded, pales remand che sundsence eo show

foci pall coln borranted, The coin in ae

Grip isbidden by she cxpemied second finger and

Buby wes Bi Ob attbs ei ckootnede ae
the t fi i ul

tonite pa (Binet cain Ths cauies ce seek

fir back
Fovehe old acim for arctan:
See se hed. ahar che otis hai vanished

argh aay qo vous right elbow
gold Chinese coin na 4 tips of
Se ane ni tia aes ae aoe
curl your second amd chird fingers, purring she

rest of che stack ite finger palin. Display che
gold coin we the audeence, at the same cine se
creahy uransferring the neal Chiseer-coen no righe
finger palm, Turn your left-hand sherar avel.
your right-barul pales upwards, placing ube
pu agin hgeween che giga ed che.
thanils aed free finger, fice 10 che audience.

firing the colup te your mourh and blow on che
coin, exccuring che sbide-in and slide-cat phases
of the Sfide Move (Chaprer Fivel co change’ the
coin from gold we the peal Chines enim. Hricly,
extend che fing owe fingers, and with the thors
drag che gold extn down the Angers teveanll the
base, “Ther cust che fireagers anal with che abyenly
inion’ che enin behied the ecal Chinese cole.
at the hard, then perioers the slide-our
phase of the Slide Move, pushing the real Chimene
coin te whe righ firs ieee ‘wlth the chums.
Folkvw with the Lama Fiegentip Tirinl eo how
both sides of che cain. Say, "The amagicken chen
smiled cf soda vine char che coir aixasnt'e furs emg, dt
andsorbringe Faber aa foe of hack”

Pretend) tev place it inpo the bef hand bus jews
firm a Retentidey Pros (ase che finer variation
ed che Warren Reteriian Past from Chayrer
‘Torah, retaining: ie hin the righa. Ag you eloae ther

left hand lenin era arcand che coin,

secretly slide abe Chinese coin once the

pile ri in Finger palm. Shain he closed belt
then

nit eo chow all of he coins, Tee~
forns the Rabinsela Subtlerr (Chapter Five), as.

Fillows: Begin co warn your right-hand palin uj
ack wuk Ease exnenileed eo the belt, Jee bee
fore pou begin oo pocane your hand, heme ins aber
right Fingers. a big more anil transfer the apie
themb pales. Pocss vont thumbs apaine the side
of taser hand socdhe alge of abe eniew can't be
seer under Hckabair apa fet bo CUT wer
hhanel exam allen epi, a8 absseree is a danger
thar whe pie in Ek palm becosnes virible.

CHAPTER TEM « SPELLBOUND ROUTENES GT

fw totabe your fight hand sipwand, curs
veut befecband | o anal toss the Feng=
‘Shull colns oneo che night fimgers. Invmediae-
ly newer che action, naming che right-hand
pln eliwen and the lefi-hanal Lire aap, terinlig
the coins back onvo che left fase ‘This ace
tlon. gives the impression that the right hand
cmyry, Tosa the coins hack inie che righs hard
‘This time os che coders firwe iene dhe belt hand,
chen immediately ber chem fall onto che-table,
both hands abeor hom with ghey palms facing
downwaed, ‘Traneler the shiv! arian waakiect
wo finger palm: aesd pick up: che coins from che
tabky with boch Tien the left-hand palin
ip sel ln a ie co (I) ust picked

‘adhe the right hard (lecluding # ee in

shart pale) inte che left, pucving them away
to end clean, Finidh by sayeng, “fr chem ail
dri aead char Kureing good Luck and happiness isal-

Sine iceean capes book ve the eal ic
hen ie a Tiny hie. Wo der a coble
for the production umd can juan cose the
coins Fram one hand co the orher, Lill
| ergeaitr the Langer coins froma thumb
to finger palin, chen pick up a lew of the
Seether the colms am the fi

ops of bok hanils for a nice alisplay. Tes fi fii
dep all abe ewrints, tnaheed ing abe finger. poled
coins, ingothe left hand and pur them away. You
cam alu give some of the Feng Shuicoins away
ap lucky coins, IF you anc able eo obrain a ig
enough supply (they are relarively inexpensive!

[you prefer vo work with largorcoins and dome
mind changing the panier, you can picfarm the
tame routine with a chip, a silver dollar,
and Chinese coins just a bic smaller tham the
pina disllar, ae Lapeer abet nad
with a cxepnict E asi af,
and Chinese bak Sewer Liz small
er than a half dollar. Basically, you mod choo
tices of coins of contrasting oolor, the «malleus
ee bei ing very chin tye dow wang be nce te
Feng Shuai coins pou ean silos use tke ofd, weern.
Queen Vieroria linglish pennies which are also
‘pony chim, aru. proves bey jae anit of congrae-
ing cole co place ewer them.

phate Assen rgd chy hilFerene ban
his routine, fi at the end of this

fn So sone Bhcoinnsat fand it easier mo pers

Revisit your old magic as you improve,
and you will be surprised to discover
that you have learned new pathways

to make your existing magic better.
“fe Miche! Mehirctenr


Chapter ELEVEN
COINS THROUGH THE TABLE

RUBINSTEIN COINS THROUGH THE TABLE

t always lowed this effec, end ter years performed a simple bur cifecsive version aught co me hy ‘Tom
Boon. The version had afew moves similar co Al Goaheran's routine, At some point, it dawned an ene
chaos the courlme coald ibe improved. 1 added some of my-own mechriques anid the final werden in tbe
one written here. This routine requires lapping, so you muag be chi a cable, The advantage of
Chis taint thc or dhe mans parr the bee-haged lives at che conser of te Ee aay petig a
froan classic palm you speed up ibe lapping mere, | published his handling in rey anim Coin ed
Lectume Moves,

PREPARATION: Far ihicr half alollars are im your right packer.

PERFORMANCE: Kenieve ihe coins from your pecker and place chem onto the cable, Say, “These four
coin ane cary eee, They're leer, whey gee subsrance, they gee mune, they got form (cure: thers ower a few
dimes onthe cable es pou exy chis). Ber Jam going i shew yeu something you can't ape,”

Pick wp all the coins and hold chem im your hard. Reach inca yaur left pocket aed pactend oo
phcria fontart berween the cips fed apbiein Bret fieger. Hae i sant the ville aay UP
a biinke ciny bode amt posing on place at the cemees of rhe canbe: Yims can't see ir, pou can't feel he, beat f ao
ping to prog no-you thar it's chore, noe bry ita pleyuicutl propencics, bur bey ine faa! characteristics (Rails
the *hobe" on the cable with che beft Engers ac you cay adie We onl! furer meead che help of these fower coins”

‘(Count ake quien tne peur left bane ar ake center of the cable using the RLOLPS. Dsonqpance Gounr from

er Five (hres ay fou version), desoribed brielly as follows Have the four coins squared againay
the bocnem phalange of che righe thind finger, che finger slightly curled to hold abe coies En place,
Place your bomb on che ooin sack and turn tis sighed fey inward uo ghar the side off che fisae
finger is facing up. Push che earermosr com over go che mi alange af ahe Fret fimger, so thar ic
pd aetna a ngee, beyond che handl. Tarn your lefr-haesd upand place chis.quén (called Coin
(One) over the righa First finger and orae che base of the Bele third and forth Bogen wilh are sign
curbed. Push che next coin over oo and beyond ibe middle phalarge of the fies: fmper ax with che firse
coin. Drop the scoand coin Lealled Coin Taw) partially ance ibe hermes half of the first onin, and partially
ona the palm. The edpes of the we coi clink againe cach other during this drop. Push che chind coin

172 UBAYSTEIN COM MAAGIC

PASSAGE OF THE FOURTH COHN

Pick up be dase coin with vour left bard. Dis
lay it on your open left pale in position foe
petforming the OURS move. Execute the marc,
ahen bring your right hand hack corce: ina lope

iiceghe ink rable, Thumb 4 peter
the right banal as ye oper it palmahewnwa

and move iene che right eo seep ep the thece
oolns from alee gadsle, Charice ahs action athe
che thamb-palmed gain inna your lap, Show abe
coins on your righ palm, chen bering your hard
under aha wight dale af the calile. Sectethy Tsetted

ac tbe elbow and reorieve che Lepped coin. tors-
nure-with your left hand, then press iragainse che
rable arabe conver. ft co show chae che bor
nie has gone cheough che table. Bring all cols
up foes ariker the tabhe to enal,

STAND UP COINS THROUGH TABLE
Vhave always lined she coins through the cable

roudine amd have perfonmed sonic version of ir
for ewer ao years, Moot of ake qime & gerber the
jhuing down version taughe ch ie thin

book However, there ire chises you just cane
dle down, ard (wanted co be able to. perfonm
chit pouring without chat reseriechen, | put my
first-vonden inte prine inom Magpie Casale Lee-
ture Notes from ret. | have since modified ir
a comple of timed, wigh nay lageer handling ap-
pearing on mr geet Ponguin Live leccure Tuo
ithownibical,

PREPARATION: Four silver half dollars ane in
year inghr packer.

PERFORMANCE: Remove the coins from vous
pecker amd place them cnn the mble Say,
“Theor ner begin re og vig a they

ne, Paes, a fourm
tiem cecra lew asco the cable aa you say
absixh, Auf Fame geting ro ues you ing ow
ean are *

Reach ince voor left pocker amd pretend to re-
rane something Iemween he tips: of che ehinenle
and forse finger, Place it onco che rable and iay,
“tava fier ciny hofe which | aenpodag wo place ars
center of rhe nibde. Yow can't see i, yeu cant feet x,
but fam going to prone ro-you dha irs chee, mar bey
averriiziga [Rub ebe hele on dhe rable cop wiih abe deft
Jirggere stn yee nary ria, Wie-wall jure nood phe help of
ese fowar erste.

Pick wp the four coins and hold cheer ina row
on the second amd abind fingers a viubuer palit:
right hand, ‘The bovom coin of ale ow fnew al
most on the tips of che fingers, while she sipper-
mose coin bes pantiallyon che chind coin, and
seb ee ng just below ehe base of’ che
mecrs (phete $77). Vou ane now poling 1 per
ae pipes § eon p Sule
Coin Seri, chat originally: appeared in 1976 in
Karl Pubic? Close-Up Folio aa, Ir allows you mo.
clawic pales che cop coin of the mew, in che act af”
eos rg, the ewins inne she other hand,

CHAPTER ELEVEN + CONS THAOINGH THE TABLE 173

To perform, bend the right fingertips upward,
causing che coine to flip over (photo 378) Thar
caace the noponin eo fall right into chasie-palm
position. Turn she right-hand palm down. cla
ac palming ghis coin in the process, and deop-
ping che other caine to fingertip rest (photo
B73), Mace erat thisnl an a the stack of
oir aad ton hens tate ehe hele hae One coan
remains is cleo: peal,

Bring the right hand umder che cable ond curd
the fingers. Drop che coln po the righe second
fingertip, balancing the cof on the rip of she
finger. Turn the hand pales coward the audience
andl prea the fimgers, Rader your harul back
alaive the cable ew chat ony your fengertips. atay
below the table's odlge. The cote igays hishden,
balinced on the vighe fingertip, aad the appear
ance of che ope palm are apecal fingers pein=
forces che idea chat ase hands empey (photo
263). Nove char alts subshecy (1 callin che Spread
Finger Subelery) appeared firse in my 185 Map
ket Lecvure Sores. [e987 Harry Lorne
published David Regal's own Sond up Colne
Ah che Table rousine in bis book Star Qual-
iy which wad my move, bur imirially didn't
voredit me. This was comected in a later neprine,

Lavwer your right haral umber the table aggiin
aed place vour Ieft hand behich in boldisg che
coin) aver the sped where you placed the “im
vicilile hole” Make a rubbing motion, then open
your Iehr hand, drapplag he euine ante the
rabke on show onby three coins. Say, Anal wink a
Firrds path, one osin goes raphe toromght fur fink fede
on the rable, and inne the hamaf below,"

Being the foorch coin up from underneach she
rable aval place in ar the righn side of the rable,

art beh oer esc fre ghae

PASSAGE OF THE SECOND COIN

Hock ep che chine ins ae ele center-oF che exhle,
and hold chem in a Ge Between vu dheamb,
fins: and second fingers of yerur right hand. ‘tour

second finger lies on the ousernoer boesom
coin. the chumb-on the innermost cup coin, and
he Errer fingeron the middle cobn. Say, "Wow
Jpould do dr with che firsr, | cerraindy cart ake in wir
the others. Fim going rv hola hese over here.”

Prctorel co plave all theoe into wun bole hana at
the coner of yor table, duc under the cover of
che bef fongers foeate the right hand st the wrist
eo that the faves oF he oui ave new porallel
eothe obke. Wich wour righe thumb, pad che
upper ewo colms into che Bele hand ‘The chénd
Clowermest coin she onthe right second fine
pulp (photo 370) Be core po carn seer righr

and inward a birse char che seraimed coin ian’
soon. This retention of one ooin frome a group
appeared on my 195 Messer Coin Technique
ee heer tamed inte che Eneyelopedia of
Coin Stights DWE scricn, br te glia similar no
Challsls Fingertip Wailing Seveph, fvured chic
where in dhiv bak, Withdraw tour right bane,
curling inthe fingers amd curring pales doa,
so that the eoin lies indingertip nev, Clone che
Left Burd ino s fise aon che pen oie

Keeping the coim im fingertip rest, perdorm che
Fickag Pinch from my aoog Colnventhon notes
as follows Pick op che coin ae che Fahy a
abe table with che right thumb and firee fry

(photo 36h). and bring ir ender che rable. Umer
the table vou are poang to pivot che coin under
wour forig fieger wich pour thom dphebs 384),
elirag, it ale your fangers whens it bi praipod
nthe fourah finger in Tokai (formerly ba hr

174 RUBENSTEIN COIN AeA


Se es ee 382), Now being your

i ured above che cable, and rotanc it
up ar the of the rable (finger no ibe
fi) so thar onthe the coin thac was in fiegertipe
rest can be sccm tphete 389). The coin in Tenkai
pinch istheld by the fourth finger juse wnalicr abe
table at the , soit mane be apem Say, Cie
ein goes une che rable, anf phe others go oor
dhe hale WA Bile paral, another goin: goer night
ahrough char hole, and ime che Rar below”

‘As you say chi bring your right hand under
the table and grasp che free edge of the pine
coin wich che tipo che first finger (photo 348}
Rorane it oer the rips of the scoond amd third
fingcrs (phate 365) ro bring ir back ins the
hand co join che-other coin, Bring veer belt hand
ewor the hole, nh, and doop rwe ooies orto abe
sable. Heing your right hard back up are drop
ahe paob coined Gb eaile go che eight

PASSAGE OF THE THIRD COIN
Pick up che cw coins at the concer of the rabbe
with the left hand and display chers an the baw
ofthe fingers of che heap eft hand. Cneicoln
hes ar the base of che second anil thind fingers,
while the cober coin ison nop, incodge overbring
abe side of che fone finer (photo 3B). Peck,
the reo caine on che right with ehe right herul,
display them on the palm af the hand, and bring
ster fiat, hum! ing c ouits inal
faeces: iphoto oath See Thee con ane hes
airiag here looking prey, and! noo comet char hace
pone ‘These nae ges aril, ana ehicar
fee go onor nke wale. Wink a fire push, char chind coin
eetrighe chrough she hole, sonal ineo che harnad below”

‘CHAPTER CLOVEM = Cons TNPXMGtt THE TABLE 175

pen the deft hand over che bale, crapping
the free cain ante the table, The other enin be
retained in thumbs palm, reg ie hand up eo
shew only ene coin, Curl che foagers and crane
fer abe thumbs. palmed eo oh Hingereipy fest
Hetng your veher hard up above the cable,
fingers polneed vo uhe left, showing the cofns in
aeack ac che fingertips. Use the right thomb oo
gh the cop coin coward the cage of abe tires
imger (photo BBS). You ane mow in posinicn so
perform whar Fcall che Oprical Take.

Heine veur belt hard over to the right, back wf
bao othe rena st ied ase
iop coin im & b fit in Ey, put
Bae hel saat of cpatite ea peas eias
and hegin eo tems your left hare a bir forward.
Asyeu do thls, dlide che thumb olf the coin. and
onto the coin in left-hand. fingertip rest (pho-
fo 360). Withour missing a bear, narn the keh
band pabm deen and cable che coin. Tin the
right Find slightly. so char the amounr of cine
in che and can't be seen. The ilhtion it chat fou
qook the top coin Front dhe cighs hard and pur
fi emio the table,

‘Wichour misdingg a bear, push ake neue (che orig.
final top) coin co the fies: dimgercip and take: ie
atthatee left hand. Place ic on cop of che fiver
coin, then mum jour right-hand down and
pose ins col on cop of ahe stack of ran, ‘Ther

should he, one, awo, three, with mo besi-
tation berween che first and second coin, Say,
“thar feapce one dae oni ro pencrraae.”

176 MUBCHSTEIN COIN MGI

PASSAGE OF THE FOURTH COM

Pick up abe lose cot aaa aliseday ir wish dhe lef
hand, chen pl ci oF the coble
abear an inch drom che edges, Pick up the stack of
three coins with ther Pe rand and epriced them
Bring these codne under
raenderming them
Tews

40 that your hard mevex pall ibe

19 Dowyy paler. Berd your

edge of the exble ar the ce
vhble « This way it cam cane!
when It Fale back off che exble ‘vie!
move iphote 391) Press the right Chum sea
the rip of che fires finger (phate 382). Tha
make it harder for the ooinono hir the coins in
hows palin wher i fall

your left-hand palm down, and lightly
place the sips of your secoral and chin fangers
cee tee (photo 393). Preveral ta push che
coin forward bur leave che coin im ies sped andl
fete ve the hard forward
uredec che Facey pare of year thembe(pheto So).
ibe illusion i thar you pushed the coin po che
cencor with we ertips. Malo: mubibing ino
sad your fingers co chow chat
1. eierg ser hand bac
allowing the coin to Fall

>the pals righ hana

aE Mange Tern
ts] arravenat agen.
mwchod for yank
cles on a ra pear
of GAN. Humeer, pablished in
Ihe Magazine of Magee Wol. 7 No. iy.
the tithe, Pe Whinkehe Vsniah for a Gein)

chy year left-hand pale ap and
ccping motions ta show the

he Dhewre-pealmca entire
vue
ited ae

conned. Dheop all foser palsbe.
COINS THROUGN THE TABLE FINALE
After she applausc, ay “Chace scveenorne asked me
ftom

nef f rid! har J

Fat if Teeuld, Feould eobe aff rhe caine and holt


During whic sarcenns you ane ta rake alll
Weeta and bod shen in ee bared in a
srack by che edge bherwinnn gh tip of the thumb
and sccond Giger Brimg the belt hand over 10
che right-and make 2 heose fet sroarud the coins
Perform the Frau Take, pretending co cake the
coins inte the left hanil, the ceins going bee
reghe-hand Avgle ([1°) pales. Bring the right
hand ander the cable, and gencly pull them out
of position with the right second Finger (phote
208], using the thumbs to belp preeene tbr curios
from falling (phete FIG). Ralanoe che seack of
four colnaion the gunermame phalanges of the sey-
ond Finger (photo 397), Bring your hand aberee
the sable, fraving emly abe fingertips fand coins)
jett below che curface aa you did for the Firsr
conn, Tues rue Fight-Hand paler toward che
suilicnce, al apread your fingers, as per che
Aipenad Finger Subslere (photo 263) Rakew for
fuse long emeagh oo see thar che hard! is empy,
then bring it back below the surface of the 1a-
ble. Bend te the finger slowly, carclully presing
the coins againar Fe right palm so they do's
make any noise, Place your iefp hand over the
hee, ov, then open the hand ne show chat alll
the code went through the hale, Bring up vot
Ee hare arul droge all fue coins ovine the 1.
bo eral

FIMAL THOUGHTS: This courine bas pone chy
several changes over dime. Maye oat te ma
the reurine as moveless as powsible, The pawage
of the chicd coin really made the roagine, bar [

was a bir perplewed as haw qo male: the fomrth
ooin book ax ocd, Finally, it hiv me shat dhe best
way bo acl the lade coin was to-do Raateally ee

move at alll

CHAPTER ELEVEN + OOINS THROUGH THE TABLE iTT


178 PRUBSHSTEIN COIN MAGIC

C568 COINS THROUGH THE TABLE

Thit is a streamlined version of Colne Through
the Table, performed with am cungienmicked
pire, siterr, and brass coin, OF coorer, three

bell can Btwteadl be cae UW thetic. THs
vershon is aramaing up at a cable, Ir
has not appeared before im pring or onary DWE

Hlaciclae nila oe rat
Agra car ny, aida Chinese coin whan
is the size ial doltar (fous ar rl eg
dealers). All are ie your Aight pox! ‘begin.

PERFORMANCE: Ricmove all cheee caine Hold
all three coins in a sack berween che tips of
the right hums and Fire two fingers, The bal
dodlar is innermaas, the English penny tx an ele
middle and the Mneie coin is mnicerenaut, Pre-
com a peas chem lito che left hised ane ae a
faethe aes ae them our in 4 vente
al fam so thar che half dollar is an the top and.
held by ahe chum, che Englich penmy is im che
midelle beh bry chur forse Fi and dhe Chinese
cnn a thelatomof he an, beld againas che
Bring them aver ao the palmar
Jet get ed your right-harid pales deer
Lise the right second newer te peach the Chirncor
coin-oomo the palm at the base of che bel second
finger. Ravare ube right hard back 29 char dhe
opine ane once again wertinally,

Withour missing a bear, varn your righthand
one arabe wrist a ra

and teh ihe penny the (chi-
Hee doin AS yon right hazel down
edie lee cadiibe ayn ed Fingeeralighely: When
the the penty Rica the Chinese coin, it i nes ue

curled firgecrs hide ¢ Fram view, The
half dolar it however secn gereernacling af the left
side of che banal.

Romete the righe-hand palm upwards, alkowi

the penmy co fall recta right. inger pe
“The half dollar ts now seen ar che tips of the
bombs and free Enger. bmmediately curn the
fight-hand palo doen and visibly dirog ther half
dallsr inte the leh hand, which closes around
pobivecetosh The crn resule is thar all three

ooins are bei Seca heck int “
felt hand, bear ead es :
rained in righe mon

rbd boty lt

he righe hand under the ble aed curl
the fingers Perform ney Spread Finger ‘fubalery
sy en Leerure Nomex, deo
flows: Trarager che penny eo
ibe righe scoond fingertip, bal: abe coin
an i yale eh cnet ee palm
dowaid fi nee OT,
wh pon Nel back above <r vo thar
only your fingertips suy below the ales
Ihe my en, cama tp the ri
appearance
pte Seal spread fingers reinforces che Sea che
hand: is empay. Bring your righ hand under=
peath che cable and place your left hand ever
the cenger, Penix dawn on the mop of the cable
eee is nr ied wy and iba
is Fe up al peony
onan the right side of thee table,

Pack uge thse half uetllae wich the belt hand, hasdel-
ing iean the left herween the cesier af the
cata and biel of the rhanmbs: Pick up alse (his
_ coin with the right hand ard dieplaw ar at
rips of che chum and second finger
iy a place i it ince the bef hand bur per
fon the RAS titty oeraden the Chinese
‘ele handy tre pend go place in inno
the lela fire fg it ta the eft palm
herwees the hase af the Gingery and ibe ooin in
the: Bef: hand. Seap che eokn dewnom che een
inthe palm with the-socond: finger, creating a
Sclink™. When you the cost dram, your
right second fimger shoe beon cepal che asin,
and the ball of che dhumb should slide back to
touch the Inenection berween the upper and
middle phalange of the second finger.

Begin to che the left hand around the coins.
Asthe hand vearteqes clase, graip uncler the edge
of the Chisese goin with the eaght chun and
cecretly lever the coin sway froan he half dollar
and uphcand, 10 a versical pination. Continar ax
iF you were performing the CLES, mtme, clos
ing che beft hand and bringing the Chinese coir
our of the hand with the rhe ievish beng bea eiighsa

fingertip-rest position.

ee eed och up the
English aks ie quiethy eeer tbe Chinese
weirs wi we deak bei Fir Bight

crvihe orewce of the Table ee ide any noise.
fur voir right-hurd palm down, gliding your

thems po the rim of the coins im onderis silken
fyomanster che coins co an inverned Spellbound
peauion, held herween the sige of che chumh
and first ewe fiegers. Tern vour right hard so
that the fee af che pet Been che audience,
then extend che First, chied, amd foureh fingers
outward (photo 266). ‘This way onli che ni
iesecn inan otherwise empey hand, ‘The slichely
Linger siae of che penny hades she Chinese coin
from view, Move hor angles don't permit, you
can pust bold the cols im Spellboand position
withour releasing dhe ugher fingers. Bring your
hard scigeracust the table. Silenely Alaseen che
coins againe the ancond finger by moving, che
thursh oer ehe focal the perany, then push che

wey Go Ele tepe OF tie thus anal Breve lenger,
Keres the Chinese coin is finger palms (pho
to 398). Press down on the censer of ehe-eable
with ohe left hand. A second leer, deo the
penny from che dips of the fingers onco che fim-
ger-palmed Chinese coin, crearing a “clink”. Lift
Be hand co neweal the half. dollar, Bring up che
right hand and dump abe penny and Chinese
quan ema the rable at che righe

Pick them op and display chem ar the base of
the third Fines Tack says the half dallas wich whe
palm-dowan fy hace, closing, it from a fier and
secretly ceansherring the coin eo heel clip. Chase
the right band, extending che first finger smal
bringing ir ower no abe left. Ac the seme cline
nam your leftehand palm up, stealing che silver
coin by grarping it againar the side af the firex
eee: wih iG 5 tie {pees 400) The extend-
ved First finger hides ibis from view tpholo 40d)
This speal, called the Abdering Hoof ilip Sonal, in
Sena Lesiubed ornare Steel From

is ry8 hook, Pring a Dhooepreicrs, As
aco aa tbe ead nape hele waiter wirh
abe tied the fara Ginger sn thar ot bowles like yom
are fant indicariog che lefy haral.

Ture over your left hand and place ix at the cen=
acrof che cable. Ar ibe same rinse, glide che half
dollar ender she hacks of the fingers, bo
at eta nen a br bg ined
Ture peur rigat-hard palm up aa 1 a
table wo shoe’ tha penny and-Chinape cot ociabe
extended finger of the hand, halfdollar hidden
in Teresi pln, Bring, vous hand ixmler the ta-
Bile, retrieving the half dedlar Ise fer beniliin
the finger in erder bo gran tac half dollar wit

CHAPTER ELEVEN = COonS TMIOWGH Til TABLE avd


180 PUDONSTEIN COIN BYMGIC


the ip af the thumb (pete 402), then cetenil-

ing the fingers 0a held it berwoen che sips of the
thumb and firsr finger (phobo 403)
Proa-the kit hand againer ibe cable, and: xplic

aeened laser melease che balf dollar onvo the
withers, creating a “fink” Tum over your felt
haze eo akowe thar the last coin hax penetrated
throwgh abe table, chem bring up all the caine
and drop chem ence che cable co cmd

FINAL THOWOHTS: This routine enables you bo
have a very clean display of the coina in the
right hand betore pin under the cable, ‘The
monves fie the Gest aml chind coin can be ened os

nt ofa Coins Ares rourine as well, axing the
Tap Load for the second onin.

(GIANT FOUR COINS
THROUGH THE TABLE

‘this is a rourine E reserve for special occasion
It cam be done after a Goins Through Table effect
done with normal sized coins, ot by itself! Ut in
to be perk tongue in cheek, You nev fous,
abrec-inch half dolar enimi, available at maggie
wore or poweliy dbops. | preftr the ones made
af'xing over aluminum, became they are a bie
heavier. [ them ina eery bay ac, which
vou ean falls dering. a rah js rk incenner
for one chat tt the right size. The roarine bt dome
aiting ae a table aed requires lapping. | pub-
lk the original rousing in my 184 Crearive
Coin Magic Leccure Noces, An updated ban-
i appeared in omy 2oeh Penguin Lice Two
down

PERFORMANCE: Remark that cou once hall eo
perform foe-2 group that-was diveally dewpadoedl,
Aa such, you «al same epecial cans
tour, Reach ince yar porker, i for your

unse, Fitally, seem eelicwed oo fined ir, then
Trine oug the weey L purse and duerp our
four, chree-inch eotne Thar usally gees a emall
laugh, Pur che parse no the skde and place abe
four cols: ina fam on your -apen right palm, as
follows: Pick op all four coins in your belt hand,
holding them around ibeir circumference at the
rims wich the fingertips, and palm downeard
tphots 40M). Place the fires coin om the extenal-
ed chirnd and fourth fingers of the palm-up right
hand (phote 405). Slide the mcux court ao thar in
Testi on pop oP dhe fer ewer fingers armed pamntital-
wan the lower coin, hakdng the lier coin in

CHAPTER ELEVEN = COINS THAIMHGH THE TABLE 184

place (phote 4MHB). Ir excends beyond che cipal
the fingers. The next cwo coins slide over eo the

righe making a row of three coins, with the gop
com in che crotch of the church (phates 407),

PASS ALE OF THE FEAST ODEN
Boab hand are just in frone of he edge af che
table, Being your right [angers toward your au
dicnce, then bring your right hand over po che
left, squaring che top: chree coins against ahe left
palm (photo dO8) and Peddie chem wich your
eft cvambs (photo 408) Continuc to move your
a —_ ‘by ar it palm ~~ at the
a ing ihe coin ince your lap iphote
AG) This pi . hidden bork the back oF
the right hand and the left, which eurna pales
down in front of the right to place the ather
three ooina at the ocnter of the table, Immadi-
ately raise your right-hand palm coward your
audience co show chat i is empry and bring 4
urider ehe sigh ade of she pick ‘AMtewe che lett
hand ‘with che oeher coins oo the cenper of che
table, anal puch down, a¢ if vo push one cole
through the rable, Seceethy bend. at che elbow.ra
retrieve the coin im your Lap. Lift your lets hand
ro chow only three soln, thea bring your right
hand up from the right side and. place the lange
coin once the cable to che righs,

182 AUEINSTEIN CORY MAGIE


CHAPTER ELEVEN + COINS THROUGH THE TABLE 183

PASSAGE GF THE SECOND COIN
coin -with your Fels hand ord
ack, Place the fire ome on your
figha pal below the hase af veur fourch finger,
aml ihe nese Ge on nop and coward the righr
First finger in a row (photo 444). Display all
theee coin co your aadience. Pick up che frat
one by ghe edge wish che iefe chum and fingers
and dap in cop of the second coir (phate 422).
Pick bach upard alapit on topaF the thinkeoin,
bait only prick: vp athe fire tare, AAcyou pack ther
up. tan your raght-hand inward ae is: edge af
he table, ana lap the botroes evi (photo 413),
Te Jocks Niles ver! picked ups all shinee enine, Mewe
ganar Lele bh nti che cencer of
‘the table hand palm soward
your widience to show char ir beeepey. Pick op

then bring:it below. Under the table be
wrier and secrechy the lapped a0.
the ocher ewe coil s the center of che ta-
Iie ara prac cwns Life yest hail nasabrow ly
wo okt, aon fp OF the och, Spacad the

shy ie

vant

bop cui 1 cover apping
fashion, 5 he wa caine can be seen, Heine
yee tight hand apt From under the exhle ae che
righs and plac ier anices ag ibe belt side ol
the rable noe ther edige.
PASSAGE OF THE THIRD CON

This fe abe Al Gehman move used ln Raddnercin
Gains Through the Table, adapred for chree-inch
coins. ‘Wich your left-hand palm dower, preter
po take both omins shar ane eal at the oxigen
pte pats hy the copocuin
holding it in a mati! Pes penisian,
lec psi the qed by abe :

crea (pivots
434). The oaher « cont the table, weaker che
Gngers of the left hard. Reach eo rad che

coans aa ihe Teft stile oF the table with che right
herd. In celeron pee thes, yea need oo with:

ihre pour heft hind co che edge-of the cable. As
pe hari cesebes foe the cotrs a abe lett
‘tide, Lip ahe cois wnderseadh the lett hand. This
action is cowered ly che right anm, which reaches
in frone of the left 1 grab ics coins fpbeto 445).
Move your righe hand hack oo che right with che
nadcoins. As your right hand moves back, meer
your heft hand “back to che centre of the table
Display the coins i pour right hand, Arieg chev
under ibe table and bend sour arm go reerieve
the lapped coin, Press dent om the remalr
eoén wiih abe left band, chen lif a eo show only
a. Heiegg yorur righe hand above che table
the ¢ one aid plese dem. in an over
lepping verrical now ar che righe, cop col closesr
bodheedge of the rable (photo 46)

PASSAGE OF THE FOURTH CXHy

Bick up: tbe last colin and display ican the ane
and, abiral, and ioe prales-ungs
right amd. The Ae cry pair toward the ati-
dicned, weiss it ar the edpe of che rable (photo
447). The knuckles al the magors puck: che
tabletop, mu dae peat ved to place i
inte che Bele bug Taps © CMI ALS Nid
thon Je order io dewribe this aceion, | need no
cafaic ihe movenarnes of cach hard separacchy,
in ey, bogh hanks ences in uncisen,

The righe bund paris cosmcrelockwise at che
wrist, carling the Fingers eo chat the palen is fee~
ingg inward, andl the coin is niew erecr she eile of
the table (phese 408) Ar char pein dhe court i
dropped inon the lay (pide 409), Winkour bes-
itaioon the he right asl Vifis che
palm tthe audience, At che same time, mee
the eft haad ep take he coin. fr arares pales

When che eights hi
the felt hand 6 Clockerter, moving the fin
pets under the fingers of the righe (photo 420.


164 RUSINSTEN COIN MAGEC

md a pala inward
cook che csin (phate

mes Bok abe ody he

and cusks che fingers as iE
424) As the right band 1
left hand moves a ble Forward (photo 423), This

ipainack moe, bur when the hands move ina
coorbinared Fashion bt really books aa iF che bel

be coin,

hard tock

i pacher the lise earis
leh hand down on the rable, then
thar che lear coin has gone sheough. Be
coins cat ante wright side of the rable cee
Tot Go show all four oon

FINAL THOWAGHTS: This is a fun rv
formed tongue iin cheek For ahe fi
¢ False cranster I rofl
meson daar cod, ir jaca
fear ir fast rolls and role

he aualiscnoe if they think i
feuring it fll ora the ble and en

hy gets a Hew Leaghe, Follow with dis
om the


Coins don’t like to be dropped.
That’s why they run and hide,
Dat Verran

Ifyou are too busy concentrating on
doing difficult moves well, then you
are not concentrating on presenting
your effect properly to your audience.
Or, Mickie! Renbinstein


Chapter TWELVE
COINS ACROSS

TALAHASSEE JUMPING COINS:

This ts ars in-cheshands Choe Acres wlehr only
abree cobn, where che lost avin sppeers fe che
apecuntor’s clowed fier. Cinky cheee half dollars
ape aed, ‘The original version appeared in my
zoro Colm Maghc Lecrure: Mores, ‘lhc handling
hus since been medileed po malo it more usr

PREPARATION: Haver thece half dollars in your
Soft pocket, and vas ane eeady to begins

PERFORMANCE: Ask iPanvene has ever baer to
Pa your favorite places, Fallahassee, Florida.

Say, *Tuillahassee br lntoarn for four fool, fare women,
anal wocmcrt anc tid ber finer revel ney unre: the fest
food and now ahey're sl. Bur ir’: also brows for
the frmous Tallahewce fumping Goins, Thar right,
you geoor imo che fielde post owtride of Talal
age ona dry dhar'r or non hee, and noe ine nal pom
might ace thean jumping in the fick, aad if poate
Ae. you can catch eeetent

You have chree of shen, char you west 1 shove
Take the coins ous of your pocket. Display che
three coins i a heerieoesal fan in the palmeupe
feft hand and explain char chee ane the Famous
Tallahassee jumping coins. The coin on rhe
sie faces che audience, while che coin ae the

af che fan is inmermens, Tum your belt hand

aver, seconely Retting abe coin = - righr
Inge finger pales (phoebe 42%) and droping
remaining twa coins inge the right hand. Close
eer hand around chom ina fet, This echo
of reraining coc cain from a Ge has never sccm
print before,

Make aconsing moron ug ing dhe ate with che
righthand aed pretend. oo canch a coin with che
kA: ‘Open the hands cochow ome in che ber, andl
rine che ight: Peper eg layed!
ana fingers of 1 open right ay
: coin is closest no the secemd and chird

mpcrtiys, Romark thar alchough you couldn't
woe the Firat coin gx ru ear hear he neat anc
arrive, Aa yom tay ibis, close she right haral amd

RUBINSTEIN COMN MAGI


claaic palma the uppermoss pin. Protenal oa poas
aenin inuathe ai with ibe right hand, Open ehe
left hand and make a catching motion. Ar the
same time, seereely drop the classic.palmed coin
geae the ogher coin im che right hand, which
sukes a "clink". Go this without any apparent
pecreement of the righa fingers. Tha sama is uxti-
direcaimal, and it will book like che left hand
caught the coin,

Ar chin reamed, premie, You jut caaght an ine
viible cote. Ler ghar dink in There is no need no
shew ghat che com has arrived, Alter uhe bear,
say that you now have one coin left oo uawel.
NOW open che elghr hand and psi abe Te
mac coin no thse cig of abe First finger-wich che
thunvh. The caher ome is secretly held in finger
palm. Remark thar there is ane coin belt 1 erav-
rhcoesarrey fob enna bd
form my Tap Load from Chapocr Tan, descr
brricfly at ins Ops ie Ee Races ae
arul tann the eighe-hend dewers ter

eaifh, Ag Wi this, all ihe fenget=
ceinae Fall ance abe coin che reacs on the left
fingers and cag chis coln wich the gol ot your
righe ff br looks as if you are merely
indicacing che coins in the left hand, bur you
are really loading a coin inco the hand during
this move. The noise creating by rapping the
cin hides thee wound of the figesr'paltond vols
filling ance the coin in the left fingers, and che
back wf the right fingers hide the coin falling
from fi na inter ¢he bele hangl. Close che
left hand iste a lowae far, secretly leering che
coins roll into a clipped paacion berwren che
rhied and fen fingers (photo a4) Someries
Hue che chum co focilieae chix cransfer.
‘This eves coon in che band for che neuter,
co secceaby teas a coin from che right hand ro che
left, sro the space craved bewween che bet
thumb and tira: finger.

Remark thar you have enc coin eft eo travel,
bur-you ane going te do it-a ber differently, Dis
Bind Rages of the plop righ hae Sa,
thi i t ra-up right 7
hi gti ft lap ph Sy

Tarn year right-hand palm ieward wlab fh

bail eae holding the coin against the =
gers wich che chum (photo 425). The mrct fea
actions occur at che same cimer, Gesnune with
the left hand by bringing ic fires ioward che
right hand uo chat the space enwern the amis

CHAPTER TWELVE + COWWS ACROSS. 160

and firs fingew &s facing right (photo 42h), ahien
worning iropward. Ac tbe same time recare your
vighr hand ar-the wear so-char the ft point

and ross the coin right inna the hole creaned
H igo esaab fine na Opheta 427)
Hide the mare humming & a quarter
iam ws lel Photos 426, 429, and 490 shor
ahs froma she frons, The coin arrives in
ibe bund without making # soured, duc oo

alse peated vother pao coins
ie eke dined bel che righs hand,
‘inno 1 fieetuid tr aoppiauad ool Say, “anal
Law going io give you these nea”

Teall this move the Tes Load, which bears a bie
of simmilarine co the Fingerrip Load from Chapuer
‘Twa. The ielea of tossing a ene ints the appecite
hand was explored in Jay Sankey's HAC CPR,
published in Richand's /lnsanac. You maw load
the coins lime che left dise withous any hesitacion.

Give che chive coins co che speceator no boli in
theie left hand using the rule left hand to tele
hand, right 10 ri ai are anky secare of ree
of them) Have a thoue their Hanad ingos a flak
arqund che eains (yen car help diem onde shar
Make a enssing modien coward gheir bord with
our tight and fave chem open their hard eo
reveal | ¢ the chied coin his “pumped”

FINAL THOUGHTS: ‘This eourime can be dome
with three differen: coins, and [will often use
chit courier aso folkve-up co my Ungimmicked
(Copper-Siher- Brass. rourior, Aw an alernative co
the fire meve, you can use she Glick Senn! Rack,
the ra toa flack (hoch from Chapecr Five), ar
the Rankimerin Pur-hack After (iChapeer Twn,

THE IMPOSSIBLE FOUR COIN TRICK |

Ido mary Coins Acris romting, bur abit ame
ft eow Faverice of alll seme. br itv the rearing [ pore
formed in my Magic Cautle Close-up Shove. ir
oeiginally appeared ia an Colawenaion
Lecmre Notes, bar tend ihe prceenachon.
Since thes | have made some subale handli

thar had never been published unl
pow. By using che Purse-Faim 1, WOR CET
give a very clean di an the beginning of she
rnin, andl che onding where rhe last coin tree
els oo a spoctaton’s hand can be donc in a slow
and canromely comincing mazner,

10 AUBIMSTEIn CO MAIC

Because I perforen it in en show, | will eeach
in as | halen it, by starving with & four-swoie
prodweclon, and a presencanhon filhed oth pean.
However, you don't wana o-use the produc
tion you can ge acraighe co Phase Tor, ane just
learn the Coins Acroet phase,

PREPARATION: You willl mend five coins winh
sirdexgiy reilled for the mougine, Fee rate
funeipeuba ped eepty 40% ialver} Kennedy half ibol-
lors. You dlos': need new oolna, hue ip ntakes che
release from Angle (42) palm a los easier, An
this wnick is my , all ube covins are ubresuty
in deGt-hand) Angle (2) palm oo begin. To
ince position, hold che free eine in a snack by
abeir odges beoween the tips al the thumb and
apound dieger af che felt hank. Then place the
fire and dhind belt finger ion the opposite odg-
ex of the coind (photo 834), Sliwe che sccoced
Hinge wander ike crack, a char the nail of ghe
lele second finger Is agakna the underside olf
the borram ewin, At che same time, remeree hie
heft chuewh(phote 443). The coins ace nw held
ince othe nail: bey ne: frown thee fivse aed

chind fingers. Bend che firgers, so thar the bog
com edigc of the-srack couches the jpalm (photo
43). Now bring yaar tbambover no che méclalhe
joint of your second Finger, so thar the cronch of
the ahem i pacrioned dircerly aver the coins.
Relrawt vor wih the fer anal third fin-

and prc che coins ineo she coooch of che
thureh wich dhe second linger (phoebe 434i) Fic-
lease anil straighten eat woue secernil nee, The
coins ane mow held ina orack AggAIISE pales
by che chum (photo 436) ‘This ewe cae he
done quickly and guicely.


thed im che
ie lay Nea
Er would be beer en ane my cwe-eiie oyEcere us
forming surface. [hewever, chere i a
co perform this ¢Hece without mar
df at thse ened of che ree

section ed

vert
way
Pe

fe
Insert them inte Angle ()) palm by
adh ro perl

pooker wher ye

bin vay abaorwe | pret
de, with a spectarer

i to pe
Across phase}, pou
in che righr pox ker,
a in vour helt poche, Im at

can Maer Wit

Thiet peocced as written,

Ample ()40) palm

Phage ONE: 1 The Production

ence wich your
Tt brand fs
{ facing che wadicnce. ‘Tt

ancis af
sera your beh

donighr, ig

Holl Is
lingers

patos oa cheer lew

award Pad * aha

im Gereure One} with exch han

soatement (rhete 456). bedi
this manner belps no give he Elusive
venar hartls.

c hands are empy. fh

CHAPTER TWELVE © OOINS ACROSS.

eit hand against your
co tbe spectaner on y
sward her v left har
dt cc audlarrice, scr. CepeETA,
to hor right side in onder-tn hide
(phsote 437). This fs Ainge Hale

together, Fingers inoccew
thumbs over che. spac taerwren: the
mis and First finger o hide che coins im
fb palm (ctasped chen, aa Gn
phate 439) th can he held comlortably
whe ii is

look p

socal, Cantina,

level

1o8

182 RUBINSTEIN COIN Madbt

“In Tee bres able oo crace chic erick all the way

to fesus......Moncero, of Betleilic New Jersey.
And ir ie taid char after he performed this erick, he
pencils cen ret ei rot
img, & war me hor! So, a clagric of goin magic
airtel fire this [ june mecdd eo byerroee fro yout gars our,

Perform Angle: Pale Geaune Tieo wich your palin:
ap A hand, firse corning oo che person on
your Felt, chen with your tek hand vo che nigh.
Keep the colna in Angle (e.) palm hidkben as

{pou pespure,

Congimuc, “Vow see I hal obec four fall delney, Bo
! ther for rw hundred peneicn knees |
shoeakin' have, bur ar the cine, dr amas a foe of acer.”

Tapeyour chesr wish your right oper hand es you
say this, ther use the Auggle Faden Gecrume Che with
both hands as you dad in che beginning of the
neutine when yoo sap, “oir meade a foe of senee.”

Cemeimsc, “Har ne problem, Magisiirs ahewys base
cotria hanging around, you jaar folie hee
fired phoma, ohe fires arin fceary no flea Yer ate,
am thet eee Bor [im ot fess aAiffrrenr. When f
perform, J isear a code ove my sleeoys, and rhere ba dc”

Daring this surement, secretly pull the ouser-
mast coin our of Angle ([.(2) palin with the cl
oF the third Pogen piheac 4:60), aod bee fx Fal
ona the Fingers. Reach no pour right sleeve and
reduce rhe coin, placing iron the expendiod
Fama oF the palm-up right hand. As vou din
ploy the enim, secretly pull a second cain east of
42) palm, Show ihe cokn an che right
Ergete then perlorm @ modified Shusele Pass
ag ¢ Maer voor It dhambs on the coin bo

hold ic
wo thar t

meet che fi and nurn thse bef hand
areniied Reese point to the righe.
Aa the came time, place your right chuesb on
the right-hand coin and turn your right-harul
rapt te sa en
ihamb anal first fieger, hiding che any

fared poke

cuir (pAots 440). Hiern your [efi

doa, parting the coin ae the lefe feagers om ibe
deff side of the rable, Deop sour wight hand en
he side ard curl your fiegers, sceredly rraniBer-
ing the coan oo fingerip ces.

Ag you pur the coin down say, vind chere's rhe
(Fine col Of course, | fein cold everpone char ma
dame eer their ecwcs, accents out. Bor ft ber my
Foal het load ind thr second coin arithowr mting
my Hoced, He
mouth Gi, ag dil”

Pall the second coin cor of your math with
sour Tighe hazed, ane say, "aed ohene'’s che anced
onde J Aepe ohs coin ds feeling hereer cough, bacurse
before ir unar feeling a bir: in che mia”

Poine to the coin briefly with che lett firer fin-
pet. Place fat the right side of pour tate and
say, “Hig, J don't go for che laugh, Ugo for rhe groan,
the bigger nbc beirerochich dx ashy J enky pojorm
for Groen Upal*

As wou say this, dap your heft band ne ibe side,
Let the remaining coins quiechy ade out of As

ple (02) pulen, aned iro finger palm Ac chee
pee tiey eet need co bein angle (]2) pales
anal finger palm it a more secure position. Say,
“Now the chied coin is around here soreiphere..."

Rubs your chin with the bef hand, Look at the
pomeron your tight and sare, “anair, f ohbek Face
dt, don mpew beesutie i'r righe here, fs pour rart™

mee ft put my menry here ary


Reach behind cheir night car and prodwor che
coin by pecking the ourcrmosr extin ter the bet
fingertips. Transfer the coin a the right fingers
sips, pains ao it with che lefe fire bger and

i Aes, phar et dene Mir earie, eeesn'r
ntl Beoe!™

Ploee che coin on top of the coin at the right
aide of vour rable. Say, “Hur tha’ che thind com.
es ig Pog inna weep spacial place char in
cermainly mocking co meen at. Beeaune [gor ir bere,
in mry nose!”

Pagh whe carermese coin ep no the first fi
aul ig agaaner the f with the chives.
pidgin a he aga
fet che unclipped coin fall from your nose lore
iat walling right right hand Say, * ~ Nine how home
thar coin heen up chere? What new? Boe f can
breathe becter now, That's beomur | aed a de-

oolagestiane. Now fy niet rhe beet aime re aay
this pulling sae coin our of my neve, bur please,
them out.”

Fertorm 2. Shneile Fess (ibs: Bar on any

ip Skucale Pao buch work dine} from your
te a wo che left, leaving daring ihe faetend
evan in ¢ palm. Ture your ns
down mo pi coin at che bef
of che cable. Inmmediacely prasp the ooiee at cach
side of the sable and, scr ach acne
ta examine. Say, ) mame thorcanr mo crapdoors,
secret aeritants, or pioors of choelare (as oll Paul
Harris lire}.

Take then back and eae “Thar's gredy, phar wae
fue Tike an eptocale of (251, Visie Brenan lepeatges
non! Bor wel 0 use these cvins 10 dda some=
hing rhar J gal ke jie Roar Goda Trick,”

Phase TWO:
The impossible Four Coin Trick
At chis potnt, ou have had adhe four coins ex-
arnined, and onc cxcra coin in right-hand fin-
aie ic yubiped aldgredralsend the
Cnn tc your asocond aa
resbpuaharloit isho ‘ cpour right side; Thaa
gives cower ta place chic palnocd coin inne
hen. ol shea Solr sss jet
fer Pur-fales Subelery frum Chapter Five,
dactibed briclhy a follows Pick-up ihe stack
with aby palmalown righe anid by fea anche
your righs thumb under che coins, finger

(CHAPTER TWELVE + COINS ACROSS 10a

we top. Press the coins ina the cecend bane
‘wink che burbs, Wich che right-hand palm
parent ce and release your chub,

so chat the coins Be ie fingersipy rest.

Turn your band pal up. which causet the coms

cocfall at a srack onco.the base of the second -fin-

gee, Deve ber be alresod cern eps anne a

igs coutoralment daring ¢ fis acti. Mow, exbered

ae righs fingers anu iia Nand andl deemenl
‘The eoins will

ee first and third fingers scting ie dled

erackesh, cowering the purse. ened coin. With
practice, this ite can be done ‘ina splir sec-
ond. New you can openly dieplay the Four coins

hr hinde rey basins x phen mt oe

Say, “Tet onlled the Impanable Four Goin Trick and
Veall ir thar for neo remem, For one ching ds ases
fur ~ (pestesre prwvard che fisur ender with
the left hav), Boe J ae ee ae his
four times, ‘The fives pit i dea gale?
Hh acrosd pd tard | aod will be
beerildernd. The ehird rhe do che enol, yeu will be
amazed: Bur che POURGEE rime | dooche ariok, you

will! sary thar ir impossible”

Daring chit parter you ane going to perform che
AES, Dhnergpancy Comme (froen Chapier Five),
br aaa ARE De fe oes Hicygaans

ight F releasing ip on & putac-
ot hs pi ane sgaarimg all era conn inca
stack “The akeind finger is allighlhe curled po hold
the cwins a place.

Performs the coamt, described briclky a follows:
Pace yourthumb onthe coin scack and curn che
right-hand palm inwards chat che side of the
foret finger is Gcing ap. Push ghe estermoat onirs
over fo the wide plialuage OF the feria finger,
wo thar if expends aver the finger, beverd the
haved, Tern your leftard palin uj and place
this extn (ealled Cova Gc) ewer the right rst
finger and oneo che base of the left third and
fouirely. fi which sre dighrly curhed. Puck
ee ee zm a brevis re

lange of the finer vas wich rt
Lig Doro dic ancaadd ote (called Gein Teoh
pantaly ono the bower half of the Fret coin,
and partially coro abe palm. The of the
wee coins clink againet cach otber during hin
drop. Fuh she dhied coin (Gein Three} cece no
and bepond dhe fret finger as befor, This ame,
however, yee wall perftenm che Liserepancy Seral

14 RUBINSTOON OOIN Magic

take back (nde Tie ae folhowe: Ex

bo seercily :
tend che right firse and second hiegers: Wiah
the side of the fire finger facing up, place che

lower side of your second Finger right berecen
the ewe colng in che hand. This Coln Tie
from tes: Pash Gols Tiree even Further mer the
adge of the righe firs: finger. Ler ir Fall ewer the
firs 1. sliding down che back of the righs
fine anal sscond Fingers oo hit Goo Chie with
ihe “clink an it anives in the belt hand. Tom
your right-hand palm down and lower the righs
thumbs, secretly grayping che berwer of Coin
Tie bebind che eight fingers. Press the face of
bis colm agaitor che firs amd second finger.

Chose che left hand and remove the right hand
vith the just eden coim Romane che right hand
ack up, Push the stolen coan (ia Tere) ines
view omer ibe right frst Fger at before [ca
ing the lawr ewo coins antoucksod! in right finger
paleah Opes che loft hand (keeping che fingers
curked) en receive thie coin, Conpinie to push
the coin over the Binet finger ame alk ira fall
foo the tft hand and enoo che coins on che
felt palm, making s *elink". Close the ler hand
amamd ibese ghee coins (rhe audience beliewes
ito by four} You will be belt wich three coins
right-hand finger palm. Say, “Now sould
surprised so bone thar if shake Kara lke his,
fhe fine oom panies? Will dy really dowin’t pai
fe jaoit propels te hen *

Shake the lele hand, ches epen ir and fis ext
the three woles. AC beat Lises, push the oaner=
most cole co the righe fi fips whieh your night
Se ELAN fp arms
Forprise. Pd bone, for re
fecrldering te sharif Fake och kama, rhe etcoml
vin eerriars, jure file obs."

Secretly drop che borvom cols of che faned akrse
cote oo left-hand finger paler. Wishous besiew=
tion wim the left-hand palm down and close
into a fist, holding che ows remaining cole
ouside her fist a Faller Press che faces. of the
rwo-oein Fan ageiner che curled side of the sec-
ond finger-with the chum anil nekease che erie
eth che fine fimger (photo 441) Curl che fins
Rieger arounad ghcie risns to align chem ard bold
ihens isi place. Year dhesmbe mines along che Face
of che comny tx teach abe side-of the fire Finger
asthe hand is cheese (pleoto 44:2),

Ac the same cime close che cighe hond, using the
alidesin phase of ube Slide Move from Chapter
Five re pur the exposed coin quicily back iow
the hand as vouched irinte a her. Brictty, expend
ahe first. ewe Fingers, and with the chub drag,
ihe coin down the imgers toward che base, Then
curl dhe fingers andl with abe thumb tip insert
the Gaia Iehind dhe fenger-palmed ooin, (an
theme to chose the hand ins a Ger, Shake loch
hands without jingling che coins, and chen

them, fanning our rac coins in-each hand ap the
fingersips, ‘There is crill one coin hidden in belt
hand finger palm. Pause for applause. Yu ore
news going to perform che Tap Load trem Chap-
ter Tees, no secretly mandfer the coin in finger
palm oo che ochor hand. To > SCH
with ibe: cider in aber belt aa yer remark,

“he's hewaidderingy hocauae the avin sires here...”

Duritg, chin gesture, turn che eight-hand pales
up and ianser the eins Frew the fimgentips 1
the eenner of pour palm, Keep abe right fimpers
curled. Bring the ble hand ber so" che c,
tapping the cofins on che palm. Phuring

tapping accion, allmw abe Hnger-polmed coin na
eeorecly fall omre gh hase of the righy fmgers
The ack of che Lele hand hhbes chit coin from

443

being seen. Gontimar che romamk, *...aind aeriecs
wpawer here, jet wou coulde’s see it erred, Thar's bee
eruey lt merit bp muaggiz, Hur katy amasing, [a shat
if yen hae eed apie if pow can't see rhem gi,
you can hear gigs arrive,”

lowe the left huni screwnil i ogre

ing them im fingerspalm position. Close t
‘he hand bby first naming palm downs, tari
ferring, wll three coins co fingertip-pess posi-
tion, Push che et cain eo the cign a the
fingers with che bast of the thuenh, arf lade
inhi ig as you Anish chosing ineo a loome fis
around ghe ovina (ete — 1 sometimes will ine
aecad extend my thied th Irie the ews
teen ool ou freer the aoe radieae palm
iba goin instead of che cop coin. Allowing the
top ewe cedns eo side back newurd che base of
the finger as you icxreod che abird finger facil-
tinier te move. Elaber rechnique works fine).
Make w coscing gesnare wath the belt hand oral
follow che pach of ghee invisible onin up Br be
air and then down inte jour sight fia, Allow
the clawic-paleed coin eo fall ente che others,
making a “climk™, Say, “Phe yom Firat hae? Amal rhee
hind! opine poe jel acura,”

Oppen the righ hand and fam our the chaee coins.
Av the ame sime, open shy lett hand, keeping
ane ohn in finger pales, and displaying ome ar
the finger "hae che cean at che left finger
tips cero che cable. Ac the same time varn the
right-hand palm down, pulling uhe boctam com
“ Seacuaiceal right =m Fapocti fin-
gers. anal classic-patmirsg is, The other two coins
are squared and tranelcrnel no fingentip-aces po
dition, Vou are now going te apparcite remowe
ghee conned front che sight hand tee ge a cine
but remove ooly peo ol chem, ‘Whe left-hand fine
joct-paliaed quan wall be seeretly added dharing:

CHAPTER TWELVE + COONS ACROSS Goh

ihe count as che chind coin. This is called the
Subseirerkon Addirien (which ihears sone: simi-
larity to a Take, From Srana-Lip (coins
Tihreugt. ae Ta

Bring the hands together ny rotating chem to

cach other at the wrisg) Charing (hiv acrion
twansler nein palmed. coin im the left hand
ao che gepa af the bi wate h che a
‘free on in th finer vic dekh
welah ehe righe thumb. Place your left chum on
ahe nadl of the righe ahamb {phate 443}. Prevod
no take che coén Fram che right hum, bart with:
draw che lett, slicing the Jett chun oéF che righe
them and ooo che coin at che left Fingertips.
Say, “Now so far you've boon surprised”

Push the cotn in ther belt band po char tips of ihe
fine fi wich the ikem, then lair off he
socond finger: Moree vor left hand ev che right
ard take che uppers: coin our af the righe
a lw placing item the ball af the left sec-
online (photo 444) oral pushing against he
edith tet he Bele honed (photodaS). Move wor belt
banal o bar co che befe again. Say, *bowiidenad_*

196 PUBSNSTEIN COIN MAGIC.

Square up both lefi-hand ¢eina, holding hers
with abe tipo of he fiese finger and skamb, Mowe
jyour left band back o che righs, and ax before
place hy oni shat as sinsing- om abe right fewer
Cipsagainst che ball. of che second finger and

oe Ue haa gelato elt
Mowe your anal again 3c anal ay,
+ ani ms corm simestrel Hay phir'y oe ple rete
of chi rick, ob ra”

Tum fo your specnater on pour righe, ema
ri fest argent og

shen ioc Banned purse: pal day. ab pli
ihe Feet Wel cdi aut the fo

a reer.”

Take the chree coins our of che belt hand, and
pele them on ee amd chard

of war fend,
cain. Only chree.colns can read metus

2 Th tame ua
pep Kn ng ne able

He will say thar there & only ome coin, Mow
TU Cn VOR spectanor an night anil aak her
haw many conned are on ae pie . he will exy
ies Angicby cago iak thea np eed

ihe sciea ivichoding Sete im)
frna her hand and have her chose ix

p dag am ep ey thea heat ea pot
apeceazow ove tle fefey Lil kerrie trv thet nee.”

Alter she closes Ker hard, nom co che other
spcetaoer aed ery, “f leimk youl CHC

Pick Tabata penne ard place ie int
your bef hand. Sarr, “Por got this cove im

ee fi in the rs tee iy
pr diyrytah fd Be nt a key
eh rpg

Tar hack ne the perma holding shee ira anal aank
ches on ifr abrir closed! haved jaar a dir higher. Cees
ure ith your patri-ugy righe fund, showing itecmpry
srithout aarmemtion ne rhat foes, say, “Riemom-
hey, pow Fespe thee, and J ree one,”

Perform the &.0.ES ene, co sreal che coin our
of ghe beft hand ae you close abe felt hand. inon
i lise, cin matting tochsique deserihed in
foomat the coin as veeu say, “Nour
ete wie ae soutien
% rane ood ihe cyc, smectic afet mnic, aml occu
demally coon the moarh*

eRe mt kenge

feria Finger ae say this, keeping vous sighs

hand closed chk Goes 6 tk a

‘Continue vo say, “Bor ir eee ecm za
am andicnce or coo the camera, har been

ing ry dain Fike at laser beam xine toe snared
the eriak (point po the bef band wich che right
finve Finger), Which ds okey under oe cadens, 4
be fmpossibte Lopen tbe: right hand a this
pains, so they can see it i enepry) fpr my oe, hr

Open che left hand no show chan the coin has vane
lisbocl Tiere bo che person holding the coins and
ask, “Howe uae cei did | pat dete your hued?"

She will igs hers there coiee were planed inte
eer hard, her place abe caine once che r4-
Ble one ara tine, and have che acher spectauer
court GUE loud oa she does ser. Finish by saving,
“The fmpossible Fear Coty Trick, Thank ye!”

FINAL THOUGHTS: ‘This rowiine does nor have
to be done with the production. Ot also cam be
dome For just one person. Finally, iF you ace ina
sai stone eats eh eine oie
marting. you can si ™ 3 Grip
Vanier ta make the cain po. inte che ochor per-
sarn's hasrnd,

THE IMPOSSIBLE FOUR GOIN TRICK II

Thit ba cleaner verdon whan the original rea-
tine. Howeress, in is meee diffiowl: mo pening. if
nade the same bo learn it, however, ede areal
Teoker for magicians and Layenen alike. ‘Whis nos
Ting wees DOC onins, as opposed po ibe pari
ar eersion which had only one extra coin. ‘The
adteanrage ia chara move is eliminated, creaci
ancrouch Coins Acros, This routine
an Volume One of the New York Coin Seminar
DAD sevice, Thy handling described bere haw
heen enodified slightly Frem the original poe
ienevtion,

PREPARATION: You will meed viv won (ust)
Narber half dollars. | use these colne becouse
they ace thinner than che Kennedy half dillars,
which alkows po conceal ca. cxcra coins
withous Space Mailiebens falthough | have also
deme the rourine with Kieemedy half dollars).
Recause the surlaces are emeoth, they won't
make any undue coder whe rubbed ggainar
cach egher. Two of abe enize are in right-hand

pane palm before searting.


CHAPTER TWELVE = COINS ACROSS a7

PEFORMAMCE: Heda ihe heer ones tia stack in your belt hand Turn coward the audience and perferm
the Purse-ttulm Subslery from Chapoer Five, described briefly ax helhres: Pick up the stack with the pale
SSoer righ hard by Fev packs par sigh urls unsdcr the olay. doco Frngct as top, Bret the enna

against the-second finger with che chumb. With che right-hand palm dowe, curl the Frigers and release
your thamb, so char whe coine lie in Fingertip reac,

Turn pour band palm wp, which cmos the coins to fall in a stack onpo che base of the second finger,
Don't lor the pursc-palined opin pop our of their concealment during shis accion. New, cxrond. the
righa Fingers andl sa pao et ri slighely. The coins vill glide deen cher fingers (the first anal
chind Fingers acting bike rallrowd nracks), cowering the purse-palmest coins. With practice, this move ean
bedone ina splic second. Now you can openly display iby hear coles oe the ape righ hase,

Say, "V spowld like no show you sommetbsing nhar (call he mapowiibse Bour Code Pbk, Irs galled ehe ide Four
(Coin Thick fiw moo roar. Fix one thing it wer Sour colar (gesure roward che coins with the Bet hand). Boat
Jam going re do thie crick for you four times, The firse ime Duo che trick, jpourill he sarprisd. The second rime
J deahe wick, you sil he The shire vie fda che erick, por weil be aman Bur the OUR TH rie
(do ake arick, ‘pou trill sep phar fey enpoosible!™

Durisg this pacter you ape po perform che K.CULS Dinrepams Comer OChapect Fivel, deme tt a
Secee es case huni doce right banal, ine the gape che repaired suied aed
squaring the coins ima srack. ‘The chird finger ix lightly curled 1 the coins is place. Performa the
coun, ibed briefly us follows: Mace your themb on abe coin stack and corn che right-hand palm
brward so char the side of the fire finger tx faci up Push: che outermost coin over oo the midkdle phar
lange. of thee: Fret Fireger, so thar i poe itnfolin d ok beyond the hand. ‘Turn your left-hand palm

Sri ose ar teallod Gate One) over che righe disse finger and onao the-lbase of the left third amd
oak ingers, which are slightly curted, Pah the eect coin ower co and beyond the nidcddle phalange
of the fiewr finger as with che first ogin. Drop she second coim (called Goim Tino) parsially onoo the krwer
half of che fend eatin, and partially onoa che palen. ‘The edges of che owe coins clink againat cach cober
daring this deop, Push the chied cota (Coin Thvel over 0 and beyond the firis finger ax befine, This
i sFivuciey praca form the EHscrpancy Steal bo sccrealy cake hack Chin Tine an Fallows: Extend
the righe fire and seo Fingers. “Wich the sidleoF che Frat Finger Facing up, place the lower side of your
scoond Finger right beewren the owe coins Im the hare, This hidies Cota Teo fron view: Push Coin Cheer
even further ower che edge of'the righr firar finger: Loe it Fall ever the fons finger, sliding clown the back
of the righ firsr and second fi vos hin Clanie Chee woth he “elie ay in asreves tn che felt hand. Tarn
your right-hand palma down and Bower ibe sight themb, scerely grasping the lower edge off Coin Tee
behind the right fiigens. Pros che face of this coin agaleor che fire and second finger.

Clone abe felt hand and remony che right hand with che jusr stolen coin. Rosare the right hand back
up. Pash the woken codn {Coin Thee) inva view over che right fret Finger at bebore theaving che bast thice
coins untouched in right finger palm). the ket hand (keeping the Fingenccurled) eo neering this
coin, Comtinue eo push che cain aver the trrer finger and alkew it co-fall inte che heft hazed ame ence the
coins on the left pale, making a “clink”. Close che left band apoursd these ehece coins. ‘The fourth coin
& secretly revained in rightrhand finger palm, along with the extra cokes. ‘You willl be left with eheee
coins Inthe closed bef: hand, and three onina hidklen in righe-hard eer Say, “New anculd you be
suprised ro krone char if # vhake ey famed fie abi, ef fires coven anishes? Wel ir mally doesn’t vanish i just
eramett ao here.”

Shake che left hand, chen oper ot ated fina che chree coins with the rips of the sbambs, fers aad
sccond Frigert A beat later, puch ihe cusermncer coin co the righe fret fingertip with your chums, Say,
"None thuae's the firar opin, anual a ise of a surprise, Fines, I got goodbye! Bat tcohuar's beariddoring in that
if Uchake fork che sword odo urrives, fair Mbe ahs.”

Secretly drop che bortom coin of the Fan of three doied to boft-Rand finger palen, Without hesitation
ture che left-hand palm down and close into a fisc, holding the roo nemaining coins outside che fist aa
Follows: resi the Eases af aha ese le Bernal the curled side of the second finger with che chumb


188 RUBENSTEIN COIN REAGIC

andl release she grip with the si Finger (photo
444) Curl ihe fun Ginger around cheir rien oo
align them and hokl chem im place, Your chum:
thoes tong the Fee of the coins 1 couch the
side wd dhe fort Ginger da the hand in.chouced iphe-
bo a2

(Chose the right bund or the same cine, Use che
Hlidbe-in phase of the Slide rai cer Five},
bo pur cy coin quietly ineo the
bist os gor sg ote Arbelly, extend
the fires two fingers, and with the thumbs drag
the coin dawn the firegors toward the base. Then
curl che Frngers are with che chumb tip insent
ihe coin behind che finger-palmed coins, Com-
Tinue bo eles the pli a fat. Shake pa
funds withous jieeglireg abe ouieet, aed thers ope
beers, fanesing, erat ew oie fey each fared ar cone
diegertips. There is ail one pole bidiben in each
hand in Finger palms. Pause For applause

You arc now going to-ckoee both harxds ineo fers
around he coing, bac im cliffcrens ways. For the
felt hand, seerctly aleop the boptom coin of ther
fhe of ted coams on top of the other coin im belt
hand Frye gale, Vou aey aow bolding the ne-
ruining coin berween dhe spe of the ghemlyancd
firse finger. Wishowr Besicaziem, curm abe left
hand pules down ope elose ine a fine, Aw the
hand closes, che left chumb slides ewer the fore
of the coin, holding ir ounside che fise against
the: she of thee first Inger (photo 446).

‘The hand closes a bit diffcrenaky. Ax with
the Ie hand, secrethy diag che boccom coin of
the twu-euén fan onto che exin in finger. pakm,
Mow? he remaining cain ante the tips of che
right wevwetel ated third fiegers, and clamde palm
i at-you cles the hand ino a ba, Say, “rs be
ieildering because the cota runt here (peature with,


che belt hand) aud! arrives: ap ever bere Upesture:

with the right hand), per yeu coulda’ sor it ene
Thar’: because ir wene fc. Haat bars amas
ing. is char if you lien ca . comin if you oan’

fot Hem pie, roel cine Berar shan abet *

Make at gesture wich che left hand and
fellww the parhof the imeaible eoin up inca che
wir aed dhen down inc your right Abba
the classkc-palmed coin oo fall ence che chert,
making a clink". Say, “Did you hear thar? And he
hind coda goes right azrors.”

‘Open the hands, fanning ue all three im che
rae bod At dhe sine cies che leh
hard by ig che coin onrside che band 20
the tips oF he chunth and firse finger. Whe aches
ewer cedins are acill in belt fi Ina. Say, “Se
ave en caer, eee amd amar,

Fecal pled che thie Four Con Trick, and
scalp char booauee bir lait coin weil] go ecroae unalor

imposrihle condisions’

the coins in the eighe Band inte a stack
22 the base of tbe second finger, and openly noes
the ostin fiom the belt fingers weno the sack.
Vousre mare pein oo pee a mcd fcarkon of
Fingereip Hatt: Pls ica a the urouae
ote in congas sostel a follows:
right on the coins in
the sar hg arel curn pear hand dln abjwen
eke tord fs igeea od pun ean
th oie
meat coin the left hopeitipa under the conor
cof che wight fi (phate 447), Mone she lefs
handooe tbe belt, which beings she cote in che
lef hard! inte waew, Ture left-hand palm
dawn and place the ohn congo che sable, rhe re
training ooir sail] in finger pula.

Ag the left banal places ibe coin onto the table,
yom are going bo crandfer the lowest com of che
right-hand stack inna purse gah Ae
per three coins cea dhe incl finger with
thumb (pete 448), leaving the fire and third
fn free bo graep the hover qoin in purse
palin tohote 443) Tush che fee of the coin
inst the hate of che second finger with che
ark 16 Gaeilirate the new. Place your thumb
on the face of abe seack seine yee
hand palm dewn, dropping the stack of
coins to the second fingertips dmarre che thumbs
frown he face 1 che curer rims co preeeer che
coins fiom separacing and sliding as in phate

CHAPTER TWELWE + CCONS ACROSS

450) Tien in palm up, exocucing che Marse-ftalm
Sabvleny gry ae coins fi right band,
the fourh hidden underneath in parse palm.
Display the cheee colin vo your spectator.
ies co eorend his right hand (using the rule
right hand oo right banal, belt po ef), Tim your
hand palmdown, squaring up all fear eoias anil
pics er alo the fingerips ef che apecta-
par, your akzambraniler his Fingers ard bel
‘ies to close hex hand anal ques it ewer.

Vou ace now pring to pertorm my

Ghingeeer-fait Varlanen (Chaprer Twa), de-
acetbed briefly as follows Pick up che coin from
the able with che right hand, balding ic at che
tips of che chum, first and scoomd Fingers, Ture
the left-hand palm down, oranslerring the coir
to fingcrtiprest powition, New curm your beft<

hazy! palm ups, extemdisg che Fingers toward the
right, and she right-hand palm and over
the coin oe ube left fingertips so thar ix can't be

seen. Touch the middle phalange of the belt first
finger with the free edge of the coin in che
und. Withdraw che right thambs, snapping t
Hght-bard ooin against che belt fingers. At the
same time, iid the hoe of she coin at che left

ips againer che inside of the fingers af the
right hand, Grasp the cvim em che lett fingers
with the Bef thusnl, Aa the sees Hees SP
the odge af the coan in che right hand with che
right teen: Separage che karat, che ragha hand
holding the coin chat was just in che deft hand,

hand holding the ooin thar was jose in

the right hard. Pinkis by placing the right-hand
eokn ince Fi rs and adjuss che coin in che
pelm-up left hand, in position ta perform the
POS See eat ene Pe een ane
i oe”

Aw you cay thin tap the com, corcuring the
FLOLAS, meee bo areal che code knwa che right

aa the lef closes tena a ther. Seerealy slide che
oie oene the con in fi palmafter you with-
draw hard Cemble che belt fingers over
the hand of ube spectavar, then egen it no show
thar whe coin has ‘vanished. Ar che same time, o-
reilly Insert che oolns in the right hand eo puree
palm. Haver him open his hand! and coune che
coins once your open left palm. Sack chem up
and pick chem up with the right hand! cxcur-
ing the Parse Pi Sadolery oo ean shen
hath harks empty exept Bir abe egies,

235

200 AUDINSTOIN COBEN MAGIC

FNAL THOMASH TS; Asscaced, this nouninc requires
more work chan che fine handling, Hermerecs, a
fo-gouch Coiein Aces is al ree

Be eotes werk ai mae bv che spectansr,

and Wf learned, chis isa real enagicban fowler,

LONG TERM, SHORT TERM

Thisis a Goin some rourise thar ases omly chree
coina, The premise ic more of a coin turn, rather
than = ein gerses, otal, nav a hygical emcling,
poe Soins oF oa, The biel
tI wanking u hehe > a hint a
Sriaen EFVFo ite, bore henalng er ote
been madified a bia,

PREPARATION: Place three half dollars inna 2
Goshman-style clasp coin purer before sarting,

PERFORMANCE: ‘ay, “Hyts di cher 1 yes
thar you gor imag we rH fe gee seme ye
(fepper wha poe ene reo rhe Foor for no begin with?

f hewe problems

tr pomnp teria ene
wir my memory, Bor F-srill nmember

she fon imy fifth Brcaday, al
ith. Tage iin a
rm, form mcmiory prone, and J malized
kn tm mynd

Themoer tbe pure aed open ie and dump the
ahene coins ora the sable, Mace the purse off eo
ahe Int side: Pick wp the coins wish year right
and and pretend, co couns all three inte your
lefe Rand, Instead, pethoren req: PA (Pacudls Hire-
tes) Com frosn Chagecr Fier slescribed on
ther plege oe rg
a Ti
he oe ag of he ig i
inst the uppenmest cole and. aide ir over no
ic Fd fast wo thes akvearn unter of eesoen
extonch beyond the odge of che fire Finger. With
alight ep/down rewaing mocion, oa this coin
onee the ef he up thag je lame ar
pe iaprribee = haeiaresl sooiet fe
ichon, Noee When you teas, che
Pande shoul bs very cleus cagerler, so that the
steal that fll fol the pare fel ad spehun,

Uae abe IG chum no push abe neat coin so chat
itowerlape che fret finger as before, Use the ane
motion ts preeerd eo cess the win ante che ble
rial epem.to recive the eoit Cho mest

ge of this coin, however. Invcead, clink the
pal cba dy tersgicnlin the coin in the

deft hand fcecaring a clink), aod withdrow she
coin hack inne the hand with rhe chum. (hose
the left hank anaend the “peo” coins (nally only
ene) and rotate che right hunted im ote combinu-
ga mocion fine palm down, ther palm ieeward
png fey tne oboe gh
sision gece app ret with the right
abusers a. Boe Opeth Kel hand aril and ross it
end he firae eudn, wloaiing it fnoo a Fier. tet beck
as Hf you eosced chrey coins imo che hand, one at
che etry Sangha woe as into che hued,
the abeind cueisy armies in wy ver fee
Seite sa ich ne right

and! inal a seeenel, one vides
remembers sraneed iat che wighe kanal”

Open boat hands and fam ibe coins out co chow
that one quan has pune back to che right hare.
Plage che vin from ghe ight enn the table,
Remark thar you will oy ie in “Take che
coins. From the Seft hand ame aber: is che
right, Exocuse the Rabinesrin Chick Pines (cha
J, aheseribed briefly aa fillowee: Hold the
eoied in stock spaieu the nipaoF dhe expereded
scored aed thied fi of the palm-up sighs
oe Use te amombs eo push
be upper coin onge che firs so thar it
Hes partis ially em the fire Finger partially an
Fecan, Hew if righ hand ower tm
ie pal lett anal weighs anh aprichewwen
marion of t cowie lift che cop coin off
the beta coin ton the “up” macaion} and d
it into che left hard ton phe Sdown" aoehoh
say hae ét fing series che bornam cain ereari
a “dlink” As soon as ic falls inoo abe lefe I
chose the belt hand arcand it ines a fer. The il
bavion it har boch coins were dropped inte ibe
hafe amd, Howerver, he lectern ri bisa hek
the ag bc ha tro ri
ae Be ~ sala i cap
thar be cedin fies in figernipenest baal |
classic-palm it as-vou Srdbe taes fepes he
talhle, Slate yor hae ee

ent inn hanger rani
fap fl dra ir arapted in the

Hehe And fais a seormt ir goes back”

Diep abe clivig-palmed coin onpa the cain rest-
lig, oon the fingertips, making 3 “liek,
boch hands oo show thar the next calm hes ges
pared to the right, Explain shar you want oo
fy it one mon time. Tose ahe coin back tino
ike ds band, hen al theerher nud coins, Tur
‘yi right-hand, up, hokling the caine in
a horizeeual fan ae ees ngercige of the ibermbs


acd fire ewe fi The cui on dhe righe is
innermear and hell by the thurab, and the coin
on the lete i¢owrermost and held by the tip ol

the secomd finger. Prenend co take the coin om
the Tel with the cht hand, Under abe cover af
pape ale aera fall sate hae
1 ipera, 4 bur i
the ph hand no ihe to kato
séound ihe ooh Close Phil «hand into a

far st well, secretly placing the reowoine on rope
of the dhind coin and them all in finger

. Bay, © wis sears bo the righ bur corn ff aake
ir inno ny left hand, after & reeencnt ahe cain realises
athe ir atarerd yack in nke right.”

whe hands te-show thar the obn ts back in
ae aghe, Hold all che colins in a stack in a
of Spellbound position, berwcen the tips oF ofee
right thumrds aad dered finger. Say, “Near hast
denotes short norm Bar 1 can ali adem
Strate long term memory. if rake aif ehe coins are
wut a acon,”

wo perform the Brom Tbe
Fro destied brielhy ax follow:
fr fiends po the right and emake a

bavi uiediketics ke fingers pong
over, oral the chuarh going ander ibe codns (koe
pou were alert oo perform a Fronch Dog, As
tae a8 pec reat aaah aL ar
ake finer and absird righe ons the opgenire
edges off the eertien. ace the nail of che right
second finger phat ig
tom oolm AL Ke same aime, vomene the right
thems, The coins are new held ageinar che nail
by a ee From the fist an third F fingers. All
his is happening under the cover of the lefr face.

‘The nesg cheese merce are praformed ac the same
gime, Pir, cure whe left | im oe
cmp icone teats Kr

piace ok de left hand nowching che fmgers

r: Miriuleenenurhy bend abe Finer, ane

cae a ‘hind fingers of che righ hand ixrearel,
wantil the Fon tee of the cede touch the nee
palm. Lastly, ram the eighe palm inward so
it faoca-verar nly,

tou on tos ae
eee

Ino congieual! mocior, po meewe your belt
hand slowly coche left and cure your right hand
dhwward, beri your cbumb over 1 mid
dle phalange of the second finger oa thay che
epotch of he thusnh fis situated dincethe ewer
che coin. Tres the cuind into the crotch of ale
thuenl, called Angle (02) pales, holding she

CHAPTER THEME = CONS ACROSS P01

cole against the palm by che thamb. Excend
whe fret Finger co point onthe left bana, den
wenaiphren owt the ober

Make crumbling moslorn wich che ler fi
and then open it te-show tha che vila eae
vanished, Asspou crambte che fingon, the
oF ile chs bs by the ehiusnly with the
1 accord quietly pall che eeiies
oer of Anghe th Sr pe i pe eee
Grasp the edge of the coins closcar eo the
Fneh rwith che chunvh, snl rotare che caine
Curl che chird Finger around abe rims
Fike cies tobold thers in Nerwhere palm. Say,
*., those code remenuber char ehey were int the bef
Pisa ridestoacy kre error
right hand toward the audicace, dhawing it po
be empty, ‘Ihe coins in Spee peter caste be
aeett), a4 they emcee shat chey anapred fuck in
he purse”

Pick up the purer with he left hand. Mace it
fneo the right haril amd perfor my Pure Con
at feller: Hold whe purse by the frame
hcl ratni one vide od
aaron apa ge ny a which
eas asia the opposine side of the frame, The
ariel ti finger Ibalids abe Nentsere-palmed
eoins, (usc urder rhe beacons of the pare

Open the clasp wich che left hand. Tarn your
right-hand dhwen and mae a towing mo
tion eiward de Lele. Seereghy release the No
where-pabmed gotta, ao ghae they fly into the
feft Hamel, Whe fllustoe ts thar they came dur of
the puree.

FINAL THOWGHTS: ‘Wis susie has che feel af a
Corisher Cafe routine foolee ane placed from
the band inco the pocker, chen recurn back a
the hand), bur ineread oF going ing the pocket
ark requersing, Ee into the deft hand then

fonarn, ‘The se of the pune piece ube pimicion

a logical ending. You can enhance che ilhescon
by using a Rubdnscein Racte Purse ineread of
a regular purse. This ina gimmiclood! puree with
coina.sewn inpa the binieg, At the moment dhat
you pack is up with (be belt hard, shake ic oo
hear the elit ead ‘that wtkes the hear eff the
dumping move, and in my opinion, madces-he
Teftae even artes raphe. The file tbe ida
brat don'r have the pure, vou can alse-use a rag-
the gimmick tar ger abe ddevanead peste,

Finally, inacead of che PH Caunr, you ears wee thee
Fidger Coun iFyou find ir easter:


202 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

RETRO FLY

The rousine mire fonown ax Theor Ay was aewel-
oped by Chris Kenner, who built upom am ides
of Jonazhan Tewnserd's 1m perform a fingertip
Gaina Actous at chet bright with sibeer Elan
rind ft could be seen by many mare people,
people say T. Nebon Dimes came ap wich
the a coseept based on a poster that ap-
petenchy shows eins traveling frown pee hard a>
arvosttoet at the fienie Seephen Minch refer
ends WML. Shaw as perhaps the first oo
lish che Scene lel phe lal aha
igi ia Magic Up co Dare, in the rearine The Ne
Plus ina Goin Trink:
| ited the ielea ofienien being bell im a earns vin
ible maser than tn 4 seadicional chowl-hand
Cola Acros, bar | diel noe bike rhe apddeenens
of the vanish amd arrival, che boureieg back ace
forch of the coins thar can be found in many
publithed rourines, and che lick of someiking
cocsignal the “magical momenc™ hac is found in
maou clased-hand Coins Across routines.

Gage abous to develop a Thee Alp oepe of rou-
tine chat sartlvedl ny wen parameners, In Rene
Hy, the points are displayed at che fieggereips, but
coeais the magieal seamen la ebink™ Rand
ie the chued-hond Coins Acteds neestines I
addition, the coins onby cravel in one diveveice,
Fe are ased, and you finish clean. | like

chink of chis rousing as che “missing link™
heeween the chued hand and fingertip. Colm:

Avchoss noatiines chat ane in use podary

PREPARATION: ‘To begin, you ‘will mood four
wore ("soft") aibeer dole Duse Morgan silver
dollars fit chia reupine, Chee ix tae! ies poker,
and cheee osher coins ane in your right pocket.
Reach ince your pockers and remerce the coir,
he befe cedin hed in finger palm. Display the
other cheee an your right Pepe tipa inva vertical
fan, fingers pointing to the bef. The cop oun
ermoar colin of the fan (facing your aundieeice}
lies againat the Fret fingonip, while the boctom
innermost coin of the fan is held against the
thid fingcetiip. The right chunsh holds the coins
sentra ihe in ni with thei berms tip couching

bowl she ani atul benocr otis iphoto 452)

To begin, atk your audienoe Wf they wane co see
a.coin ily. Pertorm my Fim marie Shorsie as
follows: Extend she fingers.of the left hand no
the right and pretend po uke the lowermost


colin of che fan As you csrond che fingers, bring,
the fourth Ginger a bit iroard so male a lodge so

thar the finger-palmed coin. can meer om in iphoto
452). Uniber the cover of che left fiegers. bend
the right chisd finges irreiend, protien che lower
eric wieder the chusnlared away frem the nese of
ihe Gan tphoto 453) Suse what chis 30 similar ee
a Rane Klan move. Press the bit absarnls againse
the cols in left finger palm das icaook che.codn
from the righthand encwe coche left, closimg ince.
a fier. As-yem move the left bund away, corn the
right-hand palm downward, and classic
the separaccd coin with che third finger
(phate 4S) ty dcen’s eed ao 7 sepia
pan, becuse the coin will be in that powition
remy a brief time: In fact, elastic pabming in
fies and re can just pest the coin against the
pales with the third Finger dana the secu! Gin-
pre cas help if meedtenl) without classic paleieg.

JXs soon a8 you separace the kumds, toss the coin
already in the left bund inco whe abr, amd catch it
oa abe open left palm. Say, “Fake

Look at wour audience with a wry emily, ane
apenly droge the cobeer nwo viailble ovine ots at
aticar {rom the right hand ongo ube Lela palm,
Remark, “CA, she-tar a dame joke, bor these opties
can ely fly eh fe ky mage”

Once the focus ds on the coins in che beft hard,
you can séorerly cansfer the coin im che right
co finger palm. Poier the left fingers coward che
righe and Fin the coins werrically at the leh fen-
gertips, che bogcom ourcrmost coin against
the seond and chird Aingereips. the midhlbe coir
hekd with the fire Angcrsig, and the cop inner
ihe oan hl wah hb Daa i be bene
to MBS) More akat ahia sev nee bk ledge cry
ae only wea aha Patina Bu ber deve chat
year hands only convain che abree coins.

CHAPTIOS TWELVE = COINS ACROSS 20a

Phase ONE: The First Fly
Renmark thay will take one cin iewehle,

eos de ins the air, andl cacch i with the cab
er hand. Tarn year teft-hand pales up: and drop
dow ward alighaly, ge the same pine releasing.
the grip on che howermacr col. The force off he
downward movement will propel chis com onan
the base of che fingers, «bene br ie beeld in finger
palm (phos 456). Immedisochy make an upward
testing mosiva. once again holding che nemain-

ing tee colt ina vertical fm, fr peanti
onward che righ (photo 457). Fol Sir He! pelt
athe imauhle onin weigh pour cyosan it crawele

afd and eect bo the & hand. Prete po
ck at one ed ghee ale with the right hand amd

ikeplay its cote ar ehe fingertips, The ferot cotn
has fewtthly craveled from iar’ bo right hand

Gercure wich the kei hand and savy, “The coin
started fronts bere...”

Aa cou say this tir the right-hand paler cw,
replacing irs evin ineo peolm, Tou are now
ready co perforns the Tae Load bchapecr Twol,
Sav, °c apripedd ober Bere *

D4 ROTINS TEN CON MAGIC

458

Turn che right-hand palm ep, ics finger-palmed
oon Aide ie bec ori rahe
ingens dan apeide-ihorwn Rasen Suboley), Bri

belt hand cece eo the right and drop che nt
inger-palmed coin ante che wi » rire
diately fp the via twice a fae
Fanmed eoins so ie hacks aa iF yu ane eeeecy
indicating che coin on the right palm with the
coin in che left Hated. This mecwe is casemiial-
yam open load and eeveal, wich om ppang oF abe
coin asa moive Bor dhe acckoin of mowing he

eft hand ro che right.

Finds be saving, “bur you cmalinh moe in pn
Thar beeauve phe coin pravcted by mange.”

iLife che left-hand palm to che atindiersens, som abeat

che hand beeen to be empay excep Boral awe

covin Fam. Turey thee helen pales down, clis-

ic ee colin at the cencer of che pales
fir

erring the finger-palmed coin no he
ilisplayed atthe fingertips.

Phase TWO: The Second Fiy

Say, “Hesecocy, even if you com'tree dt go, pou cam fae
iariee, Winch as f mae the seoond oni nara”

Aswith che firs: coin, nom your lelt-hand palm
op and dip deanwanl alighsly, at the same
time nebesaiin the pip andl Wrcrmisk cir,
‘The force of the deere moveisené will pe

[ rhis coin ong the base of che fergers an be~
a where ix intel in fionger palm. Imescidiae-
be male an epewarel Leising morioe, once again
folding the remaining com ae rhe fingertips,
which poiea co che night. Follow the pach atthe
im@abbe coin as it cravels apward, and over no
the right, During chis action, curm che right=
hand palm down, crasdicring che cain held at

the fingertips on fingertip-reae penition, As you

folie che pach of the iewkble coin downward,
ahr 1B Tete palsed cokn co drep one the
comin in right fingertip rest, making a ‘elink*
Finish br placing your tight chi oem the
backs of hear nwo coins, Fam chem our and bell,
then ina display oo your audience ar the righe
fiepertips

Kemah thar foe the secoral tires, ibe con mag-
beally eravebed from abe left. po che rights hand,
bur ic wene oo fase ie couldn’y be seen, DF yen
ried coda irony skewer, rhe codncnulld he seen,
bear it wouldn'r book very magical. Dearing, this
saement, hold che right-hand palm ups, ard
trandor che ooina in the righs band po. che hase
of the right fingers. Toss she coin ar che lelr fine
pettips ineo che aft amd earch ites thar ir lands
ot dhe pw coms dn ake right hand, making »
‘elink", Remember that ihrer is arill ome coin,
finger jaalmedd im che left brane,

Than ever the coins ba the Highs hated, digi leving
them on che righe palm so char che lowers
goin fies on ics conper, in classicepales posision
Secretly drop: the left-hand coin. co fingerrips
test. ‘You ane now going io perform a variation
af the Subiriturion Addition. prevending to cram
for a coin From the right to che deft hand. Curl
abe right fingers and varn dhe right-hand palm
Sosa roel ane eoire in — Im,
ai re te eat bars Odie ber ny
bps oi 5 Inenodtagehy: excnd the tn
. holding ches againet the fingertips wich
the shuns. Bovine abe th ba dhe ely aml jruch
off the op count po thse Re with the shuns (pa
ta dio) Pretend co rake whis doin wath the lei
hand, cxeending the leit fiegers and placiey ehe
thurman whe back oF the pushed-nue coin. bm-
modianely enaee the belt hand to the left, move

peal ss ne ie coin in che eft hand
a ing bt ao a ngertips. Ac the same
tins, pall back che coin wath the right thumb,
ft should simply look as if vou tock one of che
a eolne ar - the & hen ne er
ft. Display all ghe coins Ireeepe for the
sic-palmeed cvind, at che fiegentiqn, one in che
left, andl ewan int cher right hare,

Phase THREE: Tht Fira Fly

Remark chat vou will make the las coin cravel
magically as before, bur you will do ie with a bla
af ave and pis As before, nenn veur left-
‘hand palm ap and deop downward slightly, at
the same rime releasing the grip on che com, The
fore: of the dowmeard movement propels chis-
cuia ooo the base of the fi absere iris hechl
in fixer palm. Ente mak gti
1oeiog mock, foigers pointing fo a

‘hit 6 Custis Kass anabn a Geol Latia’s
Nanw for che eayle. Yim are going. eo
invisibly threw the coin ip dnoo the air and
earch ir behind your back! Pretend no chow the
coin high lens the air As it comes.doum, spin
around: sn char your ahoulder and back
are Facing the audience. Hold your righ hae
down ber yosar waiter ae sae he a pe
soit face the audience, Drop checlassic-palmod
coin oo the ocher wen coins ducing your tem
around, creating, a “elank™, Tern pest en
pecvihpnaera bela the front arul specad she
spina ag oar fiegerdiiyis to show shat you cauphe
athe Laie ein.

Ag you ane spinning around co cach the bose
coin, you are going toe aur my Packer Died no
ich che com From your let haved inte your
lefe pocker, Brictly, as yer apim aroiund, cas
ally bower your left and eo waise level. While
your back bo 10 the audiener na cach the ovin,
fmcwre Vera Paria ait che wrist snal imere fins
gers leto the toqal the bett packer atau
coin there, Male aun your arm does nor nace
during chis acalon, a that would call arrenchom
no something gp As you curm back oo
face the audience, wou moveyour heft hand away

from the packer. Open your left-hand palen u
and drop the cote one ar acim ance thy kh
palm co feniah,

Brenich Pops

CHAPTER-TWELVE « COINS ACROSS 204

FINAL THOUGHTS: Inetcad of using the Poker
Neck, you cae jum reveal che last coin in che
righs hand ard dea Veiliry Stritch, Show cheee
codns in the righe hand ina fan. Drop the howe
annie Im and tos: the other pao
seodinna Ieetas ghee Genek which siready cotceals
acolmk Fan these ous oo eed

THE SPECCIOLIN| BROTHERS

This is the Looesr handling of onc of ony feeorice
(oine Agena restines, which | have bean alee
dince the So'x ‘The firsr verssen was

inmy 1985 Creative Coin Magle Lecuure Noses
Teed, a0-Crasy Cine Aero, All che hand fil
br the hing ep and bewands of thas
famous Italian ric team, ibe Speociobini
Reochors, This handling is nice because it's dome
erigiely bn ahi bart, makeing it tabeal fir a walk
around performer wi hast no access to a dable.
Ie is ora routine thar bs dome az any rime. | ne
serve it for whoa | have a “fun” audignen, whe
V feel will enjoy this eype of wick, Cuberwise, |
willl use dooone of the ogher Goins Across rou
tines described im chis hawk. Por chose who have
seen ¢han wcnann on my aise: in Live Lire
el a alba
minor i parcer changes, ialby ax
the onl, ae makes the Pruring casicy, are stronece,
PREPARATHE: Four hall dollara are nealed for
this vifece (ne is pus inoo che mouch before
staning, beiveren she eecth and checks, Wich a
bit of pesctices ean talk wishous the eodn
bei pected. iy iee ro hove abe coin in che
nacath for a bit of cime before performing. the
trick, bua iF T poise will mann y ba
sconaghy, a fo iv macaih anal in-
senting Shcculn desing che cxcgiing actions. The

other coins are in vour packer oo stare.

PERFORMANCE: Stare bry saving, “Yoartage / kad
a ian, ‘They called the

be a cariginis rar who of
np aucticnces wir ir elearnbecef yim “ee a

furl: Bot ae plese igre ori, fo
fame and I fost arack of chem fy, however,
feud chem on Facebook! cing they ame ae nic-
ite ot oenecd apioradic sae
ft are flrririy cht 7 we
They nally fipped oper thar one. Bur! aligrese, They
ieee Finan performing eentighr, and uhey agreed an
fag eth ed erg 9 fo the

te ini on many years,
saci, tt incnafble ta Spcevikied esata! Let
vec fnneodiver them ee pou nema.”

——EEE EEE

206 MUBINSTEIN COIN AMGIC

Tie aie the chroe balf dollars and hold tem

your tight hand. Count ibem hy come ar
i eal dens ince your bole hanel Thr
first cole is eossed inno thse Rand in flegeez-palm
pesizion, che ocher cotta bie we the dade. Say,
“There Franny ehene’s Marin, aaf nhere’s Guide, she

Tews them back ieto your right hand a you
say, “ohe three Goshen, retaining the rer coin
in finger it Rare uty, ot he od
ploving « Subslery, to chow che hand
eTSpLy, 44 vies fi the ersience.

Make a fe wich boch hands. Look ar your
pened “The firer no-go is France. ad
ye

Turn to voor ambient and rentark that he le
poe ng tie ec with che right wrise

the right shoakler cpp nag hentcgmage

t
a A Wig heads roe ee
yeep lame a for char, chey sary, "Thanet coe,

serhrlagitipe abort tached
vey at gh dingencips. Look ar the right
anal nay, “vind nice Mari! Mario, arc you pond?"

As you say this, held bach coins against abe
Re no abind fingers = ae
one to ard classe:
nega
ier he soak flee, meagre wh

pacer eee

up the shoal.
phage esfoprape teeore repr

Vou ane exrer 10 cmengial fore the
biel Seu let papi Marlen
ding Coles. Crpen the left hand palin ups and
accarching macion, Aa the sans: Lime, ascret
drop the classi lmed coin ono che cuber
ein in the right which makes a “eliek”,
Do chis without any a rent Tavemenc oF alse
nigha fi The sound is unidirectional, and it
will fook like the left hand caughr che coim, Say,
SGuials lead phe choon jor France and Mario, bee's
gies thewna big hanal™

Se yeriny ile perform che fal fo

Chapter Two, by firse puchi carts the

tight hand co che fingertips, che other ene ce=
palm. Briefly,

maining in fi bring the Fighe
hand over go @! palm wp, is
ents at the base of the tft pope abe

cg op sel cin om coun im abe
he the: righ resp sidney arate
the coin: at right tips. Er as
[POU ae ener ae der detaioed cae
Tived. Mowe away from the lofi,
choad ft hat lane noose or Bac ate
coins in inger-palm posicion as you close your
fan, Sy any hey ae a thi hep
ay, tharsa ta, Ana nom, rhe: oe
i hel pe he fof Pc ad

Look: ar your right hand anal say, Coady, are:
era say arc you

The coin sins ar che base of che second fryer,
Look up and remark thar he is ready, Chose abe

hand i nee fir cont fre coin, clipping
dneeealag

sila guse ech vs wake ik
toyeur meurh, Vee the coén in
pg TT Eran ngs er that
in is from your lips. Being your right
borat ribo ke ching
Dusting this action pur your righ chu
the ¢lipped quam, and lari a ino Gp, Chip,
where ir tx held by tise curbed fire finger
the aide oF the extended sccomd finger Dil
ule he cils it otoeas aoravets che ihe
of your right sbambs and secueed finger, palm co-
ward che audience and coin hidden in |. Grip,
‘Open your left a ain ety re
bo ehe cener of abe pam. the evin fron
the mourh onte che ocbers in che bef bard. Ax
you remowe your right hand, well che coin wut of

jis Gr Wah fou: Oran te fi
Ts [Pow gee pracriced his lsh
anne for phen int fralhy, Beat 0 mane ae Ford cee aay ir

here! fee's chess yom in at brie: *


Prerend co ake the coin lal bar han
rare cork chanel pal mn
vending re ing the ois agains
heah Sth Sgr Mace Sea win
the oains om the loft palm, diepping its coin
onto the sick phate 460} Iinmnediacely grasps
the edges of the coins with che cipe of your
hams and fingers and 2hift chem te ahe base of
the Dele firgers (photo #64). picking wp che cop
one (thar you juet dropped omnes che stack). This
yeary no one con see how many coins are in abe
kee bund. This secret addicion and open pick
up are extremely natural booking. Close the nt
hand ince a boon feo, pushing the uj

coin ge the tips of your iiegere and placing it
new clasic palm, Let che cober gwo party sie
em the Finger in fngertip-reit position. Ai vou
ring your rand ug from che let , push ahe
eats to the [ery sripesndirub oe the lofrslorn=
fo clean it of, Te bacdes like vou dire dropped ir
ante the palm, chen picked ir up co nals in on alee
aloeve. Flememiber, wou buve just added an addi-
thonal coin chat noone bs aware af, soowher yom
come away holding a cain in your right hand ic
look cxacrly like acoin chat came our of the left
hand. Say, “Lee's ery fare again.”

Hold the coin at the bier of the right sccond
fingss, Close your right hand ineo a fae and
pen the apwanl geagune, Follow the path
scruss the shoulders as before anil deop che clas
dic-palened coins onco dhe cee in fiegernip-rest
pesiion, making a *climk*. With the focus on
the lett cgi He a ay mead
into parse pa Openc thar no show ¢
coins in aseack, chen take them wish che ene
hand Perform my Porse-Rabe Subtlore (Cha
Five). Briefly, lift the coin ugreand and
thom berwcen the tapaof che chunsh and scoondl
finger, Man carl the fingers amd release yoter
ehumh, se thar che coins Ge or ake fingers be
Fingertip-eeae rites} rh ever: Prartall pralees
which causes the coins 10 fll as a sack oeno e
base of che cecend ft dah pr
sand eile your hand doweward sl
coins will slide down the fingers {the bas and
third fingers acting tke railroad cracksl, comwer-

abe pur coin, Open bach bande
pa wy ad

thar there are three cobnn in
ove, bree gi thiows it big teamed?!

an you say, “The Speeciolini Aah

CHAPTER TWELVE + COINS ACROSS 2OT

461

FINAL THOUGHTS: Since che exo coin ia bids
den in che moth po begin, you cancheanly show
chat you onky have cheee coins. The appearance
of che coin in che mouch Et onuly a shocker and
sens yes for avery clean way to make che bast
coin crave

LFvom hawe une ofa cable, chore is neching wrong
with using ane of my earlier bandlings, placing
the coins ent ghe dalle cach eine 4 conn pet
aernce Io this cane | drop the eotes aneo the
table after che first passage. | pick up che ewo
coins and cons ther back ince che hand using
the Rabinevin Click Aa, recain leg ame of chem
in preparacios for che next mowe, The rourine
then procceds ax wricren.

208 PUBDISTEIN COIN MeRgic

SHELL CSB COINS ACROSS

‘this rourine is based on my Tillekuare famping
Coins, weing theee differesn evisn aeed a dh Ie
hus never been in pele oF oe any af cay DVDR,

PREPARATION: [in order to perform thie rewiine,
you will need a sibeor half ibeflar, an expanded
hali-dallar shell to march, a Enghich pene
ay anda Chinese evin char ix the size of a half
dollar, ‘To begin, place the expanitesl shell over
the half dollar. hea nop of ihe neved half dol-
ir (shell shde on the Bosenind place the op per
coin, gid the Chinese onin on pop of chaa, All
the coins are held in right hand Nowhere palm,
Chinese ooin on cop.

PERFORMANCE; The Gna phase of chis rourine
iva three-coin peocksrcion, taken ouced Tri
Com, Found ¢howher: in this book, Miboogh
nog neeouiany fer ihe Canin Acris nearine, bt it
a nice way eo inreoduce the cons, You can ale

begin by jusr removing che ina From a pari,

Phase ONE: The Production

Diep lave hoch hands with fiers nine iting tak Chie
audience, anal che coins in ehe & hazel hidiben
in Nowhere palm. Keseyour hands waise bevel
for a moment, secretly transterring che eoins to
finger palms. The shell side of che silver coin is
now omrermast, Reach ineo che ain, pushing tise
tilver odin to the dimgertips

You an maw going ia perheren amy Fe
tien Changroner ir a Labial pi yl
Chmgeoorr Bab, and fire weed in abis book en
the rourime, FeurWPay Spefifaend), eoouransher dhe
eepper coin. inva the belt hana daring the ace of
irae a silver cain over aa a fingers

mis. Ir isa chonogra mae, and
to be effective must be done in a amooah man:
ner, Adter yea produce the sidver coin, carn your
right-bare up to display dhe coin a che
flow oF th thao amd fies enger. Socrenly aller
the copper coin to roll downward coward the
fourch niger, se thae itis agill in Fiegecr pals bet
mew partially off she Chinese coin (photo 345),
‘This separazion i purist far the nest actian

—

Turn your iei-hand pale up. co receive ihe
vier coin at the fingertips. Tarn your right:
kanal down over te ccna firgers of
he palrerug: lefe hana. The silver coin lex over
the hase of the left firse dimger. Secrecy dno the
copper coin ones the Fingers [phote 346)-and
bring che silver coin up to abe felt fingertips,
Curl che felt fingers so char che copper coin is
naw in heft finger palm and erasp abe siloer cosn
herwern the cipsof abe left chusnb-azed fore Fin
(phot S47). ‘Wirhaur besirasiom, cure yarur
A-harul palm dows and che right-hand palm
ap, placing che shes qoim back inoo the right
atthe gigs of che chumb and fire finger. Cnoe
again aun our right-hand palm down and kei
fund palm ep, canslereing the sibeer cola back
inea the leh aml oo abe ferercips,

each neo che air-wirh che right hana, pach
ther Chines: coin to ibe fingertips. Place beak
ver coin en popeoF the ik right
PagCrTapS sa i saith a1
a haizenral Bn abee ale igh and ime
mont, absel | vide fan the audience. Reach ineo
ihe aly with che paibing the copper
coin co the fingertips. Place able iene che right
hard bo the lef of the Chinese colm and Facing
eulermose, creating a horizonaal, cheee-colm Far

Phase TWO: Cofns Across

Hera each aa bale ihe
a3 YORU (rae it the Re
tinsérin Purback Mone fron Chapocr Tarn, based
on ihe Pat-hack eooknijgae of Maiaa Acudkawa
from che egg Kauliman bak, Five Vinees Five
{used in che riusicse Fier typ Freer), Briefly, aalbe
the pe weve an dite Lefe sidle of che lon with
ibe hele Eieve fi and ghuzals Tan your hand
palm ep toudisplay che coin, tbeamb aned first firme

ugweurd and fear od ube fingers extended in
sel hie Begin co close your beér hand
and mann it palm down. Aa you chae your hand,
lip abe coin berwern the rips of the scoand and
hire fingers, Li the chumb and first Finger
again, reach he aleve go-take the tchinese cen
foe fae until shy tips of the right fingers.
teach the middle phalanges of the lefe fingers.
‘Thin served as comer for yor goextend che second
ama chil fingers slightly, secrerly a the
shipped e oon ante the base of nig
fingers: ete feckesing int a fise. Take he C1 jb
nee coin and eve your hand a bic oo che left
Display chee coin ar the cips of the chumb and

‘CHAPTER TWELVE + GOING ACRGSS. 209.

ftese finger, then. fer ir fall imo: che fier. Bring:

vpour lett hand back over oe che right and rake

athe silver oe ae oe are ete
» Diisptay this coin ar @ npereips, a

Thiel taco te Fst ob-selh on bog of tbe Chi-

meer coin. Whe wen coins clink against cach enbeer

ds the silver coin intra tte fine, The copper
seit teuained rh sie

Close che hands around che ooing and ture them
eS ee
the path ofan invisible coin From your bele
band yo your right, Open bosh hands palm up
with coin on the extended fingers, mx thar the
Chincar coin in en cop of the sested half dollar,
shell sade upward. Show that the cogeper coan has.
deavcdeal io abe right hand, More ghar her iy al
erermds you cam push all of che wis to the tine
get for dlisplay at chest level, ahen return oo
ee pesicion. Close ihorh hands inna fiers
pana Amati curning thems palim deem. As
rou close ahe left hand, push she Chinese osin
frac ee the fingertips, chem inne classic palm. The
leer coin cogs.on the ripe of che finger,

Remark thar abe copper ccin areveled, bur you.
oouldn't see it po. Thar’ because ir went by mage
i Vou will do. the same ching winks the Chinese
eon, but ever if you can't see ir go, can hear
ir anive. Make another reaing movion and fod-
lew the path of the Chinese coin from your Sele
fund co-vour right. Ac the moment char you look
an the right hand, mate: a senalll gearure as iF pou
caught che coin. Simmubgancously, allow the Chi-
nese coin to fall cur oF classic palm snd oneo the
half dollar, making a “etink™, Whe exsise i wniddi-
aecriotal, ao ne one will know whach hard made
ahe mais, Bodh coins are now by seth
Clinger at paisinioes) in phe < kit
ifs si ke salon You just cauphe an
invisible coin. Let char sek in There. is noresedd
ao show thar he coin has arebeed,

Alter the bear, your thumb on the rina al
he nested half dollar, and flip weer the onic
enna the base of the Place venir tbermbs
om ibe back of che swsped halfihollar and ia
ae the gi of che chusvty ard fieae fenger, Beaviing
abe Chinese coin int Ginger palm. Say, “Thar frames
only che silver aon Left ro araerl, ee joie che coher
tipo cca,”

210 PUBDNSTEIN COIN MEAMGIE

Ag pousay, “10 join phe ockor rane coine’, i
nay: Tap Loud pecr Twok, dicseribeal beacthy
eet pelpre
quan lice at a u
aed corn che teft-hand down. co tay the
coin As you do chit, allow che fieger-palesed
Chinese coin co fall oneo the copper coin and,
tap chem with che silver coin at your left fine
ips. Ie looks as [Fyon are merely indicaring
The a0 ba the idle ead tok stu ane pelle
laaling 2 coin inne the hand cbering this move,
‘The feaie ercaring hy tapping the ovina, hides
the iniget eid irre ey santas thee
Copper coin, t t heypere
vera the falling Chinese coin from bang ste

Remark thar while che firse owe coins nraveled
invisibly, the silver nia pain ao travel wieds
bby. Display the copper and Ch coin with,
ane ooin overlapping che other, on the exvended
fe of ihe right hana. ac y che
dollar, bea: tonpue fn cock vow ly be
te over to dhe right hand and place it em ae
ibe oeher enim, ubell-sile facing up (be se of

this pagan magic is apes old les use wath cevina.
oun be traced hack ap least im Miby Karts Cais)
Througit the Tadde roaaine From Bob's Niedern
Coin } Senile, and say, “V know, noe prey
magical, Ge geome better.”

Sqgaare wp the coins on your fingers. Lif off the
shell with your left hand, curning pour right

hana ss cht che real balf dollar isn't seen, Mace
Jeon night thunthon the halF dollar, chen rue
your hand. palm deen and Bohl the agack be-
nween che tips of che dhamls, fest and ancond

Atk pour spectanor no extered bis might hand
{using the rule right hand tw cight hand, Iefe 00
leG), Tlace the stack onto his palm ar che base
af the First and second fingers, making sare thus
abe siberr com cans be seen om the bore of
ibe iach. | auaally pull it hack a bir with abe
thems, io snake dure ot stays hidden underneath
the ouher ewe cole, Have hie choc hiv hand
over the colin, withdrawing your hand as he
does so. Perform che 8.CLAS. move on vanish the
shell (or use your own favorite vaniihl, sceretly
sransferring the shell ro finges pales as qhe right
hana wi cet Fat the EE Fellow? wich ony
Greeod Ares Subylory (Chapeer Five} 10 place it
into Nowhere palm. Brielly, as che ans ere
fright hand under the befe) fever the edge elas:
coe tothe fret finger with che thumb:
andl over go the hind firmer, Curl she chind fim:
ah ag hg tga cr re
thurs efE ibe shell, which pum the
chelll ine Noachere pals, held fy the corded
third finger. Make crumbling mesionn with the
thamb and fingers-of book hares, cher unterens.
whe army amd open your hunds oo show that the
half dollar has vanished. Hire your spectacor
pets kit Rate al cecal chit cute

FINAL THOWOHTS: | like shar the use of rhe shell
eely cunses into play ar the ond of the rourime,
ang for an impouibl: oding. Tis clean up, §

flew usually alk for dhe aokns ene af a time stare
tig with che half distlae, | mca the half dollar
aul shell cogecher ax] wake the eet coin, fin-
ishing with an open dis od all cheee cone
inomy bared. If you by daking ehe euise
our of a purge insvesd of produc ag leh ehe
beginning Usha iukaite roacan beck Os shell
[pou ga inee-your packer Eo get the pure,

For the things we have to
learn before we can do them,
we learn by doing them,

Aristotle

Ifyou want to be noticed, dare to be
different. Different in your method.
Different in your presentation.
Different in your effect.

Different in your approach.

Jr Michael! fadaestens


Chapter THIRTEEN

COIN PRODUCTIONS
& VANISHES

TRIPLE PLAY

Ths it a very magical routine where coins ape

af and disappear, ewer and ower. ft ix also a,
ne “pat (dh perform, and ome needs: na be
well versed in che cechniques nugin clarwhere
im this book. Te uses the One-Bohind Principle,
ax cecaned by Mike Galle for-onine foriginal-
ly appearing im igdi in the resting Xone Wave
Goin Acres, From Michael Ammar’: Encete 11),
hers we the testing a very clean lowe. Three

hall dollars are needed to peel phat reavine,
bus ehe chird den’g uml the ened. This
huring oaaginally red on Volume Flve af

the Mew Wook Coie Semana [V1 seetes.
PREPARATION: Par cheee half dodlars ince your
right pocker and you ape ready no begin.

PERFORMANCE: Say. “I wos! foie doa erick
rie pbc conde.”

Reach with boch hands ineo pour packers, clas
die-palmiing ewe coins with che right band. Look
poplesed aa you can't seem to find rhe coins.
Say,“ second Hike any bur dt secmws f forgor abe ceinet
forth! Aad seme oodnn.hiey, marebe char’: aia |
nevi no da, Foneed! ro unish for some coin.”

Resch ines che ale with your left hard and grab
a pares off dust ext of the als, holding a berger
the tips of (be chumlb and fiewe finger. During
this movemenc, the right band is ar your side.
Allow or he coins oo fall eos eaten
fingers, in fingertiperest pocinion, (lip

closest to the fener finger berwoen tbe fim and
aecond fingers, Place your ihamban the opp
sivedge and expend she fingers, The coin is mow
inan edge-prip-like position, hele by the odjges
beeween the thumb on oes side, and abe frit
and encod firgom on the obser side, The other
coin is ail im elasig palm iphote 462),

214 RUDINS TEIN COIN BLAGIC

Reach i fer-up bet hand ox calor che af
opeige and pesedysiarstrbempap pomindenagereet eri yi ge and aes

the picer of chau ar the Turn yorat 1 rharban inwand and peatane to chia i
ioc of dust. Turn che hana! again palin ,Goeroely taming ind coin from classic palms ae
| re ape eam, Soprano of your right chunsh and lingers, hand

to palm taward)} ae the game time. the finger-palmed coiningo veew at the
soc re Cha she ot ee nel cones ha ae Rosete in around che firse finger
wring th: Aubinureia Plper Move from Chapeer Five, described briefly ne lw eninge

pan asaya thant | weanpraloar ene geod emma. fin free ecige of
dhe coin with che clp of rhe sccond che coin ac che tips berwenn che fora and secemed
Place your’ undermcesh uth the face of che coin againar the ball of che fear
rdibriiocic sana wrasedidetacinty tonne de wuneee Famer, Mote thar this bears
a bie of sienilaricy eo che Latta Figgernip Theirf. Say, “Uff ike chee piece of due ana ren ir, and if! wish hard’
eric, | get a aifeer cain"

Turn your right-hand palm up andi d the coin on the fingerti rramifer dhe colin im the
lef: bund co ap ee. my Fingertip Shusrle Pass Ch deseribbed riety ax
i psber eaiyrinns hefr-bea up x under sonhar c

second sea hid upc he co he et had ned ch che "This hides
the coin from view: preeone the come from touching cach other, would male
pectin: rede ta cial dara ight fi and rigwr the belt hand to

the left, which brings the ooin in che left hand into view, Slide Fhumb cate the coin chering thin
accion, ‘Flip the cota aver bo display tt om the Atchtleneacge
holding the coin in finger palm. Say, "One wink, ow code, nov bad Ler me do char again."

Jr vtocl 7 e- deiaoasbae imdown ui e Fray ta bata uu che
raeehpradr'ce’ peel patton Pip ne Sy, fa nw ear ers
of dure, and make a with, # can ger a second, solid

Pretend co pur che coin inthe right hard inen che left hand bur perform che OLAS, Click Maes, nensim-
po dreieiie pers eh sole pic a Briefly, Hild the coin in the hand by che odge bereven
Ione i of te place ia fete the left hand by firat cometsing it 9 the heft palm
heeween the hase of ihe Regaescegatcisee: Wise veemeg tetam iets jem taeendliings
the socom! Hoge crtcing 4 emin down, ‘right second Finger
em cop af che coin, and Cibctae Gleb aeuat chi bok sa costs tecaeatoe
eoesoighe err hs cof the second Finger. This is esrencially the poincing pexirian
of che righ hand in che description of the KOS. move.

Begin to close the left hand around the coins. As che hand stares to close, grusp under che edge of the

H

op colt with the right chumb and dover che coin away from the boston coin and upward, co

a vertical position. ft will reat againat the 11 oF the second Fay ae with che ROLPS, move. Cancimar

aa if you were perfooming the RCPS. mone, choning che belt nt the coin eat of the hand
ral

with che right che cain Firidhing in sight frag position. Th peek din. wham
‘The ifhasion iscthae beh ccsine are sera in left ey arg ie only coeraled gee, the spcond tealen
our im dhe act of closing che bared. |Top whch eal rovorbe: Lari shat ene mere lene, Ht reach

Ag peas bap erehh petonee ar peii reach ineo the wir, and grab another plece of daz.
Dhak the Eorgercip is dears bring the coin ingo view ac che fingertips. Perform che Plager
Moor, chen wo noc can ecw many cor aod hand. Tn the com
ine the left Slieakiee at around the coin ee een ak aeeie
Piping ele package gin Moorea gp reir seen day's Gar whar
maa ee sipher might net herr come imac. deeuing
on fm"

SS ———

CHAPTER THIRTEDN © COIN PRODUCTIONS & WANISHES 215

a *
soon as it Falls into che belt band, chose che belt
hand arcund it tote a few. The illusion is char
begh coins were dropped inne che left harcl
pata pt nobel

the curended ¢ fi F IE
coin lies in Fingercip-rest poskrion.

Say, “Two coins, slid and real ar whar if did't
ont be left with one:

(Open the loft band, showing anly oe goin on
the ger. Peform my Png Shue en
Chapter Teo), described briefly as fale
laste pour left chum on top of che coin im
the left hard, and arn che hand palm down. Ac
che same time, cum the right-hand palms up and
excend che right fingers, so char che belt sccond
hid, we ere ad Roger cng Se
; t niger
weer This hiches the coins Fram irae:
fet thamb peeve the coien from eouch-
ing cach ocher, which would make an wrwanted
foliar. Place your right theml an che back of che
loft Fingertige and! mace else right hand eo che
right, whi bet eo ss Se ges eee
into view, Slide che right chamb onco the coin
during this action. f pelm the
cots inche keft hand, and carn ic palm up. Turn
the E muplegiiny hog gh
the. the coin ino
hand er rok ode a
Without missing a bear cur the beft-hand palm

down and place the cain ines che

Grap the asim oe the loft Fingers with che left
Prgeir on cheryl apart ik

‘becoae inseend of! ome, J wouid be left with none.”

Tramafer che ents in che hand from fin-
gertip cog co thumb palm seer have ane
sui in thems other remains in classie
foe bngt ayer fea ang sh elic
Seen ay oper dhe kasd es show tae
coke hus vardghed.

210 RUBINSTEIN COIN MGIC

pe eig bacer be a mies are chow: Ley rape
‘ Fire, Fingervip: Shurele-Pare ,
Vierdatien, anal ending with the FCW mae,

Say, “Bar sais, Ser margdcdary, | don't meee so sinh!
fprsald be abl tc proce soe ee nigh: fron my
éhow’™

Reach behind your lett elbow and produce che
sean eur of thumb palm. Place ir anno the ex
tended Fingertips of abe palm-up felt hand
Grep dhe coin in abe right hand to ngertip
tea, ait pata the Fingernip Shurele-Par 2k
fier. fie in with the just peodsoat nin in

Finger palie and che classie-pralrsed cuir fin
ishing att fingertips of dhe right haw. Whale
you perform the Fingertip Skunle lacs DisaLry
gay, “Thar's phe fires. Daan ger a second cole frre nny
other lbs.”

Rirach behind your right elbow and produce the
coin at wor fingertips. Display ic
em the extended Fret and scoond fingcrsips of
the palti-up kilt hase, and perform che second
part of ibe Tieriperr Doodle Click Pam (Cchagier
Three) as follows Hold the coin in the righe
hand so thar the chumh presses it apaions she
Finer snd seers Fingers, anil RULSBe WORT rights
hand palm dewreard. Your right chuenby shafts
slightly during whis action, oo thar che coin ts
corntialy againét the first finger by
the thumb. ‘When the coin (in the wight hand ix
ioalar co che palmaup left coin, bir che
eoin atthe odes lying on the left fret Finger
with tbe lower af che wight oain,

berven ahs night hails just off the wedge af the
coin and enap the right ooin die dhe Fao al
he left coin. Inumedisecty and seeretty grasp the
edges of beh ooien wish she sighs olsamb, clipe

ping them: agoiner che righe fire fi , Late the
Lice cols she Er] dee the Petter
are new perpeedicalar 1 ihe left Angers and
fhash agzinat che right firs: and fingers.
achich bide them ftom view, The lower of
the onine are still poucking the belt finer linger.
Mowe the left chum emer oo tech the smith
Prater othe Eiticennd titaen ic tact looks
ike you are bedding the coane in place wigh the
thumb (che audience ean’: see this, ax che righe
fingers hide the coins trons view. Sete your
thuenls over a the first fi asd clone venue
hand. Your right band abe right fingers
reward, grasping che coins in finger palm.

‘The ilbsisen is that both ooins were ummisrak-
ably placed ino abe belt hand, yet boch ane se-
eretly acolen our in the ace of closing che hand.

Pach ube uppermont coin co che tipo of the
chun amd fora Finger a6 you reach inte the air,
Miadce sure: ic doesn'r “ealk* as at mawes along che
Inner coin. Soy, “And wet con prowace rhe shina
right froen he tir, jure le char.”

Perfor Mileon Kent's Ovep Vanith as a Click
Pa ifrom Hobo's Moderm Coin Magic}, ax
follows: Bring yerar right hand ower the belt
hand, Hirt: Haart, partially Bey up amd coward,

he Laie, Opens your left hare, eakiege care cet to
abso hag abe fe empey (pete 469). [re
rend ne dl

whe ceri frets the i fingertij
Inco gia ae but erp le Aa : arse the
coin in righr finger palm creating a “clink” (phoe
08 464) The ilasion is thar it scruck che coins
fn the Dele haral Coie the left hand as if it oon-
tained all chree coins. Mowe che righe hand away
from she let. both coins now In finger palm.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN = OOK PRODUCTIONS & VANISHES 237

Oyen beah hares oo chow char che cole howe
vanished by using the Creal Arm Subrlay
(Chapter Fivek described briefly an follivers:
Cross bach bands ae chee bevel, bringing the
ti icsipheiru a mayhem tiscone,
close the right band looschy a «

af dhe peti heme te the First te with c
shawl, Lever them eprevard and over co the chind
finger, which surrounds and bolls che coin by
gheir riers in Nowhere palm, ere cents
motion with the thumbs and fiegenips of
hands, when uneross che hands. bai the [cle
band to show it empty, The right hae opens
at dhe tans dime, peringieg che fingers at the gu
dierce. The coins ave hidden in Sawhene palm
aril can't be goon.

Say, * Which i ek Vakould kawe kad shew ie ery
pocker..inalr, there chey are, now are can begin.”

Reach inte vour right pocket, grab the exe
soit, and pull war bree coins: oo erm,

FINAL THOUGHTS: This ix probably the coe bel
fioaltomick in the book, bur it ig alsa were ef
fective anil magival ‘Thete ate fury wporone kn
ender ioand the neatine. Vou cum usc juss ro
coins, and at che endl ecmove the owe front your
pocket and dea fale ooune to shows ghar there
are gheee wine

‘You can also usr ony Rwhinsecia Racthe purse, a
special pune wich ooina sewn iene the lining thar
miualocs dhe scemls of coins climking sguinst each
coher when shook Gor you can alo wie a eogular
‘Cashman-syyle ooin pears, which weld aceum-
plish the same thing bus wtiboss che encloe

Start with she cwo half dollars im right-hand
lai palm. Reese the Rubbinaecin Ranife
Pune from your lef peeked, with abe third coin
hidden undermeach, Place che puree flac ince
your left hand, opening crwand the spectators
and coin hidden underseath, Open the purse
toward the speceators co hey cam sex thar the
purse ix empay. Clone ft up amd place bach she
puree and coin umdcercath omro the table, Male
are yo have a salt surface ikea cableckouh or
close-up pad, so there is na noise when the coin
‘hits the rable

Perform che maaine ae describel, wail che eral,
Pick up che port: land coin) with the bolt harul,
retaining thy oni in Anger Take che parse
with the ight band anil shake it ar abe clasp,
wo wou ean hear ihe onina insile (assuming

arc using the Rebinsecin Rartle Parse). Perform
the Pure Gein Dep, Severed berieth: Take the
perse with che lefe hand and posicion ir back
in che right hand as follows Hold she purse by
the frame becwses che thumb which lies along,
caw she of che purse frame, and che first nen
fingers, which curl around the coined sick ot
the frame. ‘The curled right third: finger balds
the Nowhere-palmacd coins juac undermcaah the
bonwm af che purse (an wath pies 239),

pen the clasp with the lef kandL Tum your
right-hand pales down and make a coscing moe
Hon the kh. Seceedly relexie the No-
where-paltsed wolrs, so chan chey fly linoo the belt
hand! and once the fingerspalened: coin. The Ibhe-
sion is char all chree coins camer our of the purse.

MAGICAL MONEY RAP

This bane of the most cncemalning rewtince in
hee bxcwce, Dr is raat a haliptbenie yy
roa Ra A nice i very ma,

Fy ever cnapec deal be ableve onal in]
fic cher ponomality. Oh, jaw usc antoaher pee
sentagien entirely, You ean skip alll che jokes in
ihe ftims, anal chen just ee ie pare with the
rap seng as vou do ibe Adiers Denem.  ywrooc @
couple of aliernagive ivoneducelons bor ihe rap
song at the endl of the rourine, ao make che
more generic and user Friendly, This originally
appeared in my ao Penguin Live Leceure Taw
download and wit used po close mr shew at the
Nlagic Cracahe.

218 AUBINSTEDN COO MAG

PREPARATION: In order ro

perform rhis nou-
ties, eae will ncod four halfdollars wish sharply
ulled qlge, Thar makes it casier oo perform

the moves, although not absolurcly noocsxary. |
use Amos uscirculated Kerneny port siboer hall
dollors bewause ahe silver shines, ancl che eel
es are sharp. Tut che fear codna inte yur ¢
pocker: You will ale need » Large, gold, gaudy
Siar of David necklace. You archadtor
witure another eeligious sembol, bur the parnee
few eye we of the Star of David Place ches ine
the let pocker, and you an: ready eo begin

PRESENTATHOE Say, “My fastiy alisays give ec
OMENS crinkckn Bd pa fi ak os mac
oy see marched ime be fiked it bur advised eee ne
make oop muagic a bir more yourkfull So, f racexghe
abour my cam youth, growing np (na poor and ae.
(rowed rca of the Brora, New York Now fam nee
talking abeur che Soweh Aron, |'m nor coking aboar
For apache; No. fam ealking abou Mivendate.
Worn upper midile-clan Irsieh ncighhorbond char

jou hiee coer ann!

CHAPTER THIRTEEN = COIN PRODUCTIONS & VANES. 210

Af ey trent had Bid When Fuatr young, J ined
fa Mag act eh tar beagaas be Ricoh
ur scih: my horiies, fa Ee
ix re i one Abe Aulry.

funds ley che Bid Ad Setar They alld
Seyreour. used eocomig arsumal with hir neo
evil Rtoher = Eeter, and Rae dn addition to be-

Pe pee tae te he ee ee Se el

And weaned 10 ane pur aoe all donors of che acighe.
Ohnce, tnt sored coe tame PM, OF yeah, we were
cl ss hgh oe ala hey
che ak
onto ail fom dea A pean Pow
becouee er toe ae oe
Bad | pean, ae were terrible! Bae you Anes, no chive
ayy Frill care rap. Kew gas wane 10 hear wee bust
niyme? Will, here's che thing Ruby don't ring with-
bur tetaning rhe Bling, Bat I po Ager de iy
pookes, a amail pokow of ep your.”

Reach inve your pockers with: boch hands. Corals
ia ed oa ina smack ah jeer right ‘aly.
her dina AL) palm. Birietly,,

rect aaa 8 ir odpes be-
recent thet cps of che thumb and finger
poh om bigs sila ale ar apiereg
ight fingers on che oppasinc ab che cole,
Nfoee the second finger under che stack, so thar
ihe nail of the rig/ot scone fieger in against the
andenide of che begeom coin. Ac the same tiene,
remove the right dhismb, The eoies ane now
held againat che reall ly geesiase from the fire
and hire fingers. Bend in the fingers, oo abar
the boepont of the aack wuches the palm
‘Now bring your thumb aver co the middle jodne
of your sconnd finger, so chat the ceonch of the
thumb is positioned dimecchy ower che coins.
Rehease your bold with che first and chind fn-
gers and press the coins into the crotch of the

thumb: Release ard sexaighton out your second
Finger. ‘The coinicare eer held ins a atack agabnet
ube palen by che chuseb, This mewe can ibe dene
quickly ond quietly hee photos 431.025),

Au the game cinw, wake our che Star of David
with your left hand, and use dhe right hand oo
help pat it around your neck. Say, *Well, nor a
pyres tir te dt eels lade
© ile, Ady amie mane ice abe cron ¢

to bear: Har hen fear ehis, | cam nap,

Bur Peso mapper seith arthritis, any sknoes ser rears
by shor. J pow owt ewenry. sand owe ry beads
pone nepoe My prienate rhey call me Rede, ery clinics
Dr, you'll find sme doing magic. ar the Jone or in
ing coin my Poop, Bar choy 're nora

Please noee thar there are alernative raps at
the end of the oudine, so you all don't have bo.
call yourselfan overweight, arthririe De. Rt
Tarn to the belt and make testing mocks with
your hand. When you face the code in

()C.) palm are bidden by the back of che
right hand, Tern back crwand the audience,

Combines, “Bur em i gerade Che of reat
bankirt hoe irs auahing | dio sith ender bevaracie fs
whe | like sade, Mosey, money, eemncy hey hens

aiidafetee

Reach moo tbe air. Pull one coin our ofthe sack
by earns the ourer edge of che sack with che
op of the right shird finger, and gencly pulling
ibe cain ous oF ic ppl porn (as in gihebe
pecsgr teva ae — the hese of abe fin-
sere, then push ie ap che Fingertign co proodece
it, le bales a bit ok practice: ra pb ee con bat
aca time. This move ie fetlicaed by the abarp-
nas of the edges of the coins, anal ing the
bural poieving downward which lets gravity ahl
in whe coin coming our of las e! peairiom
Drop it into the lett hand, which closes azownd
ir ince a fia,

"I gee from my olhes [produce aooin from
ihe back of year leh cBiw nad Aron ie are dhe
heli hand on cop of the firs: enim, fo mone
row omy Bree, Pee fie a freakin’ AT AO frat I don't
ae

220 PUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

Reach behind your left kmer, produce a coin,
and co brag it inte left hand, lout

che FLGLPS, Double Paw 00 aceal all
Tin tthe bab ke ein deco enk

vtech fat t

ong on rop-of che oaher, Jp snap

rephigmtiet francine ply a hpi

be on copof the chee colina, and the ball of che

thumb lide back ao toch the inversec:
. This

the second if is eaencinily che poine-
ing potion the right hand in the descripelon
ALORS move.

Bogin to close che left hand around the goin, An
if immer as dr ii pd
the borrem cain with the right chush and se-

coy eer bes tea vercheal pasizio,
fe will rest agateet the ball of the second finger,

don’t pay a foe"), Turn back oo the: Frnt,

“idly frigid hie searined maricy, oo 1 ded sory lieeke: rvick
es a coin Bon che oe wad te fie vos

l-webpeata cheap,
ant Money,
Eira of prom."

iF 0 efi rete,
which opens eo receter the coén, choc.

T neni Hons 4 colin
lrg see Lon dps: 7f siorpionhy a
my Hoea..."

Produce shiv hac coin Free the air, sum to
someone and aay, "OA, pea”

Mow, ta ag this coin ing your bet

scien agh WI] pubes ba coe ons

opens in A 4 open
‘perform a Retention

ie firwt- againer che other caine to creace a .

40 cteaty a “clink.” Retain it on the tipa of!
Eaermgorethhinn pourced sebee
“J ncad money jor a sandwich (prodece che coin,
open the hand, and clink it againee che orersi,
ane cone beef on ne (produce the coin, open
the ‘hare, clin! ee
Ym gerting hungry (produce che coin, open
hanek eben i agsinat the others}, 00 irs time, 0
ay (pluck che lase-coin owt of your moath, and
eeally aleop i inca the left ) geal,”
‘This ti my cheser, oo [ juar berw andl say, “Thaw
year
FINAL THOUGHTS: There you have in, 0 revelves
coin jon done with a Ginny seory and
ony renira. Ad | said ar che Keylah of
ile heath. ch acy to Wai Coruna
mac, Aum you jae cam start by naming your awn
trem, and just say ifs the worst upper miid~
dle-clast enti hare cer doce, Yous
ean ue che poles and eeligion gue al che
ee need co use che
ac dhe beginning rou ive, can
right inao che rap song (F'you wish. ene

(CHAPTER THIRTEEN * COIN PRODUCTIONS & VANISHES 225

‘The rap song con alsa be made enone geeeric:.
Here i att alecrnative begiemi pessoal a
Feel

int che productiog of

D adpcreasuell taarager 2 business
pail dol Pacteediedbea Aaaghey irertad
funky and Fahsays wear my bling, My friends they
call me onoey, as en tel | de mor bona, want
foo some mi when | purce a chow

bury

magic fetta elaiog | ain gesinin Beer:
it hee | Wie w de.” Ae thas ont congierae
with the rea of the somg in che deseripcian.

naibaemrectapetdplas, pbehicteaderd

Ase if you ean'e go co a bar wp pt la
say kes any ben deep mhigtc art
pes knew 11 never sop ‘conse Pll be maith
miiy hewn ys..."

Finally, che por of che Mater’: Dream has been
around For avery lang time, |B. Bobo references
Rabor-Houdin, who i it tn his seanecs
fautasciques in the igo, and described ix far the
few gime in peine in. hss Secrets de ba

faaen et de la Magic in 16, Herwesver, be disd
eer claim invesnon, mer did he peovide earlier
references.

THE WISHING WELL

came up with chis rourine soene yeary ago,
with the iment of expanding a four-coin pro-
dwccion ineo # scripsed rourine. Ir ie based on a
David Williamson idea from bie 2

Magic Lecture Notes, of making che hand inno
wishing well, | performed tse original version
OF chin routine for a while and it in wry
sain Cain Magic Lecture Netex, a year
after developing che first wersian af this effeer, |
thought ef'a new way co head coins inew the othe
ev hand. fe downed on exe char incould be used!
to improve this rerine. This ix che way [nice
perform ix. le ly my favorine coin production,

becwase ie uses a thay ets ac emmonicenal
reps fromthe dene ean be weed at a
three-coin production, a ~onin production,
ora chree-coin production where you also com=
ceal api excra coin | will oeach ic as 0 fourseoin
jon, bur additional informacion can be

at the ene of che routine.

PREPARATION: |i ip four veers (aale")
ee surfaces are smooth
Fy fos when meng
seem Shes, Pee hs hae son ie ie

Bean D got colder, weep moods ohargped, fil ial fora
ere Pook 10 atih fiwr a branel-rices Porache, Amel Sid
rf ar

wah fr a dare, wick Karen ;
ipeakera lor of maney to get alee ings, er po enibe a
SI BP p dria! sees J allel mene

hase. And cke Lear cine J ueeee op che weil, f foxrel nay
char chey core ir doa, Kno er e fur

You arc now going nodoa meee char | call che
hen pieme allows you to pull a

just shown empry, ere
sok Letina tie thao ad fre Gone cen
you close the hand ino a fine, ‘To performs, show

if

¢ left hand Aa scree ham
usage panto. Gees excl eee he
coins fom Mewhere palen oo fi FERE,

Potrero your left hand wich your righe firs fin-
ger then close ir ineo a fise, back of ther hand fac-
Phe nat ronchorenese the dwmb and firs
. hdcwe your

at tht same time placing your thambon
cnine to hold chem im place againag che fin-
a ga ar ar scoond anal
ied Fingers, along wish whe coins, directly impo

222. RUBUESTEIN COIN WUMGDD

the hole (pihote 485) Imenediacely pull oat one
af che coins, leaving he other three inde the
let fie in finger-palm position (pein 466),
Tarn if over a couple of tisera with che chumb
asad fens fh af harkls fooiess eevee bri heft
fin fea dacs place I ete tise cable co he
right day, And of lose ry Aand inn a fie and
make wry iil, J cant ger un odd, ellper oni (predure
deci Gomes again.”

Riopeat the actions with che opposite hasde
Show the righe hand anal secretly era
fer the coins im the belt hand, te fi igh eae,
Baier po abe right-with abe deft hirer Finger. Close
abe right hand jnaa a fist and perform she Zlin=
eel Lead, co load ehe eheee qoied bene he eight
fise ch the space herween. che night lambs
and Firsr finger: Pall ot che second. colm, bere
ing cae cole in the sighs fisc in finger-palm
pesicion. Turn (ie over a few crimes berwcen the
tips of the thumb anad first fingers of both hands.
(the coins exer in right finger palmb ax before,
Mace it onbo the table no ihe lel, Say, “} emalbe
suhing wall wick my hand, axa anne enough, I get

anecker coin.”

Coninue to aetna hands, cing, he
thérd eoie fro ehe befe fur, end che fourth coan
from the right fer, placing them onre the table
after each production. Finich by saying, *Mem,
a ay mor be money for a mow | Pod,
cenainly mos ough Jor a nor down payee en
acar..dur who as winter doar come ome, fer
this i aeill be going home, eo be wink my wife, Karen
Domangrichion*

FINAL THOUGHTS: ‘This cart be aie foe a chree-
coin production, a feur-coin presluction, ar a

three-cerits production. wah a4 cuera hiddes
coer that can be used for che neat effes, U have
aho used chis dora Wild Coin effece, by star
with three silver coins and a f goin he!
in Nowhere palm in che right hand. The cap-
per coin ie third from che nop. When the coins
arc oransferred from Nowhere vo fimger-
tip rest im ration for the frat load, make
sane ghat they bind in hig ar so that the
copper coin ix new in the a herbie
socoeed From che top. Tha abe erick at

gee! ihe Laer ceviri haglilen its dhe left bars will he
the ¢ edi. Don't produce chia coin, bese
ber it hidden in preparation foe performing a
Wild Code rousine.

VEGAS MATH

In coy nya book, Incenmediace and Advanced
Coin Technique, | had ao routine called the
Ari¢hearc Geing-hr wasa good roarine, bur E Fels
abatabe ending could be improved. | changed
some aeprone ofthe rourine and per aut an up
dared handling an Vohime Twehe of the New
York Coin Magic DWE serics. Years later, the
toa tbe: Tired Loc! enerwe Ctra
taught in my eoucine The Winking Well) alhrwed
ne bet digger ncaevh change the handling. ‘The
rouine preceeted here ets, De 2 ert he
eween my older routines and a Gadlabeur Code
routine, with a Sot Machine emling. Inoriginal
appeared on my Ac the Table (VTy/downlood
aeu7, although | hawe since neodified tbe
handling: oo make irflow a bar beeore. This ismy
lavest handling of the effeen,

CHAPTER THIRTEEN © COIN PRODHACTIONS & VANISMES 225

PREPARATION: Tio perform chin reatine you will
eed) pon aapert (eit) Harber halt doll ‘The:
wurfces are emai so dhan they won't make
seise when rubbed agaisua each other: The coins
areall im year righe pocker po begin. This routine
fs dose standing up ara table, wich a spoctapar,

PRESENTATION: Tian tothe aualicmee anal try,
“When my ud Ghirtied seme
sing calla tbe "OM Nhe i, rap roe

Mt pion: Sct img called
the re deh” fees ore aceunite an mar our
Paren Aad feared, Bur reddy, phe bids apy learning
aeneching new, called "Vegas Mak" Urs a scrange
ayarem because irk od! mor eo bow cbr Kei Fail,
ontp sucooed Let me: im oy you howe abe soonke.*

Reach into-your right pocker and beh pra
of ten coins, Tekno kon be into
your pocket and bold the rev in right-hand fin:
er palm, Push one af then eo year fingenips
and place it ingw the left hand. ard. push a sec-.
ond ene to your righe fingercips. Say, “¥ ane nev
oor Bere. Mowe. much dy ome 5

Place ibe left-hand colm inno finger-palm posi-
tine, and openly drop the coin Boar ahe right
hand on cop af the ore inthe left, Clow your
eft Prana testes a boee fuse, He willl say chat one
anid ore is po, Prete to take chee our ad che
hand eme at a time bet pettorm a Rochaype
Shuttle Mass imeodified because of che coins in
che wight hard), as fodherwa. Tarn your left-hand
downward shour halfway, retaining the coins im
Fingge . Tarn your right-hand palm facing
upward (oil biding the come in righe fi
Iie) wlth erie Races cowened by she

Pend as jou were soir to reerive aceén from
the left-hand. Puch one of che coins from raphe
Ginger palm to ghe tips of the chun and fest
Finger (phot 467), thes ture the right-band
pales down aril place ube entn enoo the rable.
More that iF the other coms accidentalke begin
bo mee aur od fi im, vou can secrecly
pak chem back wie the ahurab,

Turn che left-hand palm upward, paching che
cop coin co the tips of the fingers. Tisrn i pales
down and take the coin wich dhe right fim

tips. Mace it onto che rable as welll Push che se
codn in che left hand to che fingertips, and just
place ip. dower che table, Maee ihat the anit
should be pot on the calle at a sncady pace, one
affer the-oches, Say, “Thar har f ould have

sali! Hur im Vi
on, CaN, there (oousd them enpe the
table ax you say chia.”

Mack hinge arr differen, You

Pick up one of tbe coins with the right hued
and pretend po drop-in iene the packer, bur just

it beck om whe srack of coins in nighe finger
palin Pick up che ewe eemaining coins from the
table and drop them both inca che left hana, one
wt atime, #0 thar they lind at che base of the left

fingers in fingcr-palm posirion. Cloac the hand
impo a far, Aah opaim, “Phs muc itec ac ct”

Aw before, he will ay ghar there are only go
cringe bn eho hard. Repeat the moddied Roth
Shingle Pau, ig cat Prom che righ bored
ful ake ogher cas fron che lef onco che able,
Say, “Thor's wharf would have said! Bue in Vegas
Alan nhirggs ave differcar: noe again you hare one,
pe, deohy three doounr ikem one whe cable os
sou say thish”

Explain shat Vegas Math sho wedke with wale
araenk Tick sal be seis with the Lele harul.
Chaer che bond anound aber Gane a loose flac,
ing ikem in finger-palos posiciom Ac che
aria By seal mies all the cedns. frown
right Ei pales to fingercip rest. You are now
en oe pebicin the Thane Load, described
Hi ai folkrwa: The left fiat fa held pabm
dewn and fingers vo ibe righs. The hele crated
berween che thumbs and First finger should, be
facme your body, Mave year right hand behind
the left, Exceral che sight fingers, at the same
time placing your thumb om the coined qo hold
then in place agaiee dhe fingers, Mace the tape
of the thumb, second and ibird fingers, akong
with dhe coins, dinecely ineo che Bole, imder the
coans already in Finger pales lax with photo-465),
bmmediately pull out one af che coins, leaving

224 ALABING TERN COIN MAGE

abe ochors insike the lef ius, Place shat ein
ineo your righe pecker and leave in ahere. Show
your right hand eo be emnpry. Say, “if | memove ene
coin thar shold lace ane, bur ie derves, one, re,
tanedey cheeses”

As pou count, push ome coin ae the ke An-
barat dig peta a wr Se
table, Pusha second coin to che left Fnger-
anil cake what ax well, mye EY once ale
rable with che right band uth 3 ase con to
che defi fh and. jee enn your hand omer
and place It once che gable. There are now
cheee cotins on the table, and chace coins scl
lela irelctereo grecblaeste i te
on aie i a the: eft: haul
a he oe! coime an 6

teh cite coins, Take cane thay he
coins-arenit incr, Choe the kG

eis arrest

inichaq yer will do ir again. Reach ineo che
hi created between che felt chun amd fires

rand remivee a coin with whe cips of the

t thumb ‘and first finger, placing i onto
abe tabbe. Reach in and remeve a second coin,
plaving ic-onco che calle, Pick thee wp ard pee-
herp cite sliegar pala tcerery pcr opie

iin = chy pat baer ape

caer four sina the pk, Hinge ping
ahent aswell, Sary, “Lire: ie om, et
other ecin amd place ¢ pass ata tried
minus coe"

They will answer thar one coin should be in che
hana. Say, *Thar's wharf ic! Bur in Vegas
Alark, he aoenwner ipome, mney three.”

Ag you count, push one onic oo abe sip of the
heft eFuizrrils aed fe by Fram left finger palm.
Take te -wath the egghe hand, puiting ic ante che
takile, this with che secend enim, amd as
before, curm che felthused down and par
che third. coin omnes the rable. Remember, there
(saaill ene code in left-hand finger pabm. Pick ups
the three coins wich che keft hand and clos: che
left hand into a booee fier, haodding: all far coir

in finger-palis posivian.
Hold fle fist sethar the apane berenen the

tbrsrils atte frat Finger Faocs sonar looky. Bring
your right hand behied year left and carcupe
the Taninel Load, putring all sie finger-palmsed
coins inns che Weft hand, under rhe coins alseadly

in defy finger-palis posiciom. Inwmediaecly wish

alraw chece enim, ene at a cies, and place thers
ante the gible Pick chem up: with thee vaght

hand, anil preted no ahem in rai srl
bur ke thom cin in
ih, mae your hand

the band from che
resting in a sib abe anes the table Say,

There is only ong sinaanion where rhés dvesw's work.
Spe durey cheot coine, bet iemove-ome, raza, cherce off
fea emagh be atiree enix chee?”

Ther betel at there dheeakdl be ni mane

evtem be the heard Say, “te abeulld be ser, bear it
Math you can never Air cena becuse phat’s
you weint Oe jacknar”

the left hand, thee it so show she
opege stack at che tose ot ch leit fingers.
Pur our right chuen om the ooina im fr
palen snd extend the right fingers, hakding she
coint agaicas ahem wish abe chusah, Bring your
fight hand ower ta che coins in the felt hand and
cener ahem, secertly adding the three oainaanta
the ack (pose 468). This ix called the Soerce
Auld On, ferimediargly Eheen all gps weiss hse
agi thamb anal First two fingers and fer cheen
een che 9 right 1 palm. Opes she right-hand
palm up, extend che fingers, and ler the cosns
oi laa the sable, showing all ten coins

FINAL THOUGHTS: In chit apilanad handling [
changed @ couple of the positions to make: it
Rew cron amecibcr than behane, One of che
= Bi pati inetd in thae yor never shaw

Every time be ples cou an an
aay bins rd him, chen thow isa were bal
who. ‘This oaw an are beaks an. ‘che sate she,
‘Orhererise, In may look as ff you are juse show:

Ing him ups

CHAPTER THIRTEEN « OO1N PROUCTIONS & VANISHES 225

FUZZY MATH

V have always loved this rousine, ever alee |
published he first vondon im my book, tetcr-
miodiace amd Advanced Goin Tochninae, ‘Thiv
rousing ix almilar an cffevs to Vegas Mah, best in
a hie more streamlined with a aleepiat handling.
‘The encthoul presemed here origieally appeared
fs are Nae gh | changed
the Bandiling-a bit since ins miginal pubbication.

PREPARATION: You will need five worn [sali")
half dollars for chis reuaine. | usr Barber hall?
doflars, [fvou desire you can use mare: than fier
ooins, which will he explained ar the en of che
trick: For these wh ter bn the Unie King
Hosa, wen Quon Vicontia or Ring Geange Ea
slish pernies work just ax well, To re, have
three coins in pour belt pecker, rod celine. bs
wear right.

PERFORMANCE: Explain thar whee you were
in echool, you Ieamned something led the
"New Mach. Your parenas had learned she “ll
Mach". Toslay, however, che kids ane learning a
now kind ¢ ah called: “Fussy Math’, ‘Vhis be
very diffirene from the ene pou feared, anal sam
you asked your child ta explain ig qr you. He
aand ghar he cerald demovareate with eons.

Reach inno your pockers, finger paling
three coins. with te ea ane ad tre
oar the co coins from your right packet wit
rad ihre ale ager
Bae te a a Dire eo co ae
frm Mile Kent's Urge Vartih, used dota Ciel: Pata
(From Rob's Mudem Coin Magis, an as feta
incthis book i che remaine, Trip Plryh, To
en Chis enero, prick arp the First enien winths the
Fibe tumah and fie fi Open che bef: hand.
partially’ palen up fexrins idles im Fi palnal
and pretend codrop che coln Froen che hand
invo the left bur sececely doop ir inoo righ finger
pals Close che lef hand at (Pir caught the coin
Rick up the new coin in che same manner and
fees to drop thar imte che left hand as well,
pre iscral iit in right at
na, making a “clink”. The panos ia thay
emis! ingu che left hand, Say,
“Hine erugh in one geen, dnd one poti?*

The upecraner will likely aay rao 4 with
them, saving, “Thar whar | srld, bur aur
irseally-oheve.”

oct dn tlie
yt ie

Open your left hand no stow che three ovine.
Held che coins isa stack with che curled-in: heft
is agen cng ck thumb ox hn ilo
coin. “Ture your fe

the aed Eoin bo x sored : re than a Lire
niger. Tem your ri ate caling im
ee aes
tiger care chat the ¢ pa
caine ase not acer, “Ture the righthand pale
ihown and place if on the tble. Fite pa raag
le this section wieh the swcond coke hur perfore
# Roch-seyle Shuecle Pasi (modified because of
che coins in che right hand and first unagha in
che rourine, Mari), deseribed briefly as fol.
lows: Tian the deft hand paraially cer ina Shure
te-Pas-type action, leaving che coms im finger
ag Ee the a h bere abe belt and
rind coin go che
i sere anal ype in phot
487). Tarn she righe-hared pals down asad pot
this evi uevthe gable, fe should look ax 2 yo
merely placed ibe accomd coon inna the night
Dad andl oneo ibe table as yoes did wich tbe fies.

peels ssh aes “ayia the table wink
i chun c uppermost coin to
the bk fingertips amd abe whis coin. fr should
a Fomsgty faa: cot ante che
table, You si ar Freer praberecnl int
cach hand, Fick up-one of che ooind on the gable
with the sight band anal pretend ao it iit
the packer. lenges, place it om cop-of che coin in
Veeyger palm. The cole ane worn and deed, as
ubtre bs nos poster urls this acuieen,

Remark that vou wanted co see chor again. Pick
ap che fret coin with che right chun and fir
ada ed paler pers pas

curled so char the med! coin can't

seen), anal actually <i coin emo the

hoff palm. Pick aps che seornd conin aes dees chia

aneo dhe belt hare aswell (choc che hamlanaenal
the woine, and ask, “How munk cone plus one”

The apectacor will say rien, and you agece byw
saying “Thar whar f asd! Mowerer, che answer is
v

© the bef haral co again whow: chroe onic,
it thay du didnts ucdewueentiaddl ine, a

‘pou wanted to try subtraction. Show the there

coins in the left hand, hold ahem ina sack at
the have al he fi assed gay, “Uf I hose ebree
and I rake.reocur, hye many

226 BUSINSTEM OOM MAGS

n thumb on she uj opin, Tern
wou EB hand jail donor. oeoura eck ro
ithe tips oF the left Fingers (reeaining the och

ers im isp rs inioa!, Tarn your

bund i a ete coin with ri

thu Finger Coking care thar ~ =
med coins ane ro |. Tarn thie

pidlas down aid glace Wen tho sable

cond oo mimic chis action with the scomnd coin
bat perfiren the dame Reth-styde Shuzele Pass ax
before, Heiefhy nant he left hrand partially oer
in a Shotele-Pass-type action, leaving che coins
én finger palm. Chpen the right ha under che
lefr ard push the eppeamact finger-palmed coin
ep the es OF ihe theo ond Fed Hees. Toss
the right-hand palm down and put this coin
onthe bk. Pick up boch coins and penctcnd
rcpt bam r pecker, buat inencaall

Im them inthe right hand. The specta-
hia chat pou Bave gene coin belt in che
fond sereh Char what Heasdl Hogeren, she dreneetr
really dn rina”
Open the left hand to shew owo coins, Remark
thas wanted co ry a Or setae Say.

at noo colne in mp hand,
pono Par we

‘Tarn the befe-hand partially weer with the Busals
Shurrle-Pas-action and cur che right-hand
fi uprrarcds, prushi the LppeerEcdt

oolir ie fangerel ps aie
a Hew,

Pk pte com fom the a
with che right and pretend vo place ir ine che
pocker, First finger palming it against ihe enh-
ev coins, chen secrecly cranaterring all the ooina.
to right-hand Nowhere palm. Ryde sitar]
iho dha there Wotccolnlet tat hana,
Foomagk thar you said she exact same thing, lus
the answer is really, owe, Gen the befe hand ow
thera the eo cuit

Beplaan chaz yee alidie’e understand the sabrnace
tigen we all, so you wanged to see addicion again,
Display che cv coins om the open feft palm
Mowe che right hand over co rac abe onins, ar
the same kari loading. ta de shes ae from
t ran using rin

oa: Batis onl Chaprer Tow, Briefly, move ¢
waght hand ewer he belt, as that the bortees of
the Nerichere-pulmtod coins is dineetly emer the
tips of dhe exctcmabod Left fir gh che ie
coins oT he pales wilh 1 thumbs aed
first dimger, ag Fe ecioe thee secede heaving tbe

hidden stack om the rips of che helt fingers. Tarn
the beft-bund palm inwards, and gesnare with the
bert err nt ei eg go: Dring tu il

rection, secretly move the sack af coins ines belt
finger palm with the belt chumb. Remark thar
‘pan are poimg to try aeldision again, Mace the
wo doles one at a tine ance che belt palm, fin-
"apenas fimger-pulesed cons cant
inert, Say, “How much iseme plecone?

thes wil Heo thar there are peo-cotine. Be
meark chat che first time che answer was thaee, it
should be cwo, bur she answer it just coo com=
plicated. Open the hard and allow alll the coins
co xpill oat ore the apes right hard 2 fimich,

FINAL THOUGHTS: Yau can finish with mice
vegina, bye Finger palming moee che firag time or

the Fase cme you ge fei c. Harwewer,

Drejected chis ides, ax sak fod ven

fate hesharion when vou pucker.
in amd our should be ofa as ponte

a you allow the coins co spill eur ine che
right hand a the end of che erick, dows dio chix
slowly a char ayer ee

Do it ata nice a

re iebel evhe ba Firtigh, de sale fe
a bet of caine, which is che ilhaion thar you are
looking foe,

Ae whh Mark one of che most | it
pole Ednciccuee pili sepa el
Every rime he gives yea an amewer, ‘with
him, then show you were bork Pris: aay
you arc bech on che seme side, OH! ine, i
may look as if you are just showing bim up.

BOLOGNA DEBUT
‘The original version of ghis reatine was used to

win fires athe International Magic Coe-
petition in bolo Hal, bathe ip iy. An
early version ray tgs book, My

Clhene- iy Cen Thsereaber esate
very clever move of Lou Gallo, culled The Galle
Pict. This is a handling, of the Pinch chat war
fete ne me by ae Gallo ot the gt. New

Semporium, ahibough any of Mike's
fanallings of the move work just as well,

are four half dollars, 2 hal eosinon!, prlavtiic

lise (1 use the dine provided ies the rosie Silver

Exeractiog, eratelaceused. by Vernet), a copper
placed half dollar, anda close-up pai. Mace nwo

CHAPTER THIRTEEN © COUN PRODUCTIONS & VANISHES 22T

of the half dollars ines your left pocket: Insert
the remaining ewe half dollars inte right-hand
clamie palm. Oh1 gopal chose halves, classic palm
the copper plated coin. Finally hold che plastic
disc in right-hara fengertip: res.

PERFORMAMOE: Both hands sit in boos fics
ar ahe fewer of the close-up mar. The left
hand ic empry, che righe hand conceals the caine
Say, “Wher | ranted re-do. opin esagic, | enalised afus
chor were tee pio prodace opm There aa rhe
sity thar rhe goprrnmmns made phen, anf here seca
thy magical teary of produc where In arden no rubs
afacrune a couple of getns Py he fire mephod, you
Ape ro grave celia olsen plore mot"

As syou ure saving chis, toss ahe disc from your
ight hand to the kft upper-corner of your mas,
Pick wp ihe disc wich the right hand and per
form Low Gallo's Galle Pinch, as follows; Mick
up the ooim wiih che righ mb and fires fn-
ger ard clone your hand into a apace 3 the
coin againse che side of the fires Ringer wish the
thumdh ao char ehe gin ie cuuade of che honed
(probe 469). The aluembs covets che upper half iol
the evan, Kédieg de from view. The midkdle pha
langes of the riphe fiegers lie agains: the moe.
Seanr-co bring your hand back co the lewer right
commen. As you Pepin te withdraw your right
hand, rhe left band makes a cossing peenate 1
the upper right corner, hand open and fingcre
cree toward che corner, Ther open left banal
with hngers darting to emend should mect and.
pe in frome of che withdrawing wight hace at
herr the center of the mat taeda 4700.

Wien che right hard arrives ac abous the ceri
cer of the maa, mann in ar che wrist, oo char che
thumb poins forward wil dees (phow aL
Wink fim wrist cur, the barrom phalanges
af che right fingers exw lie agalmer che mat.
During the wrist mann, release che grip on the
eon wichour amy perceptible macement of the
thumb (phete 472). The force orcaned by the
taming hana causes the coin oo fly cat co the
uy cigs corner ul your pad. Bocas of dhe
ee has tossing grease, bt appeire that the
euin comes eat of the left hand, mor che righ,
toward the upper right comer, Wighoud besira-
tien, ceetinue 1 withdraw che righe fren ube
lnwet right corner where la reste ipo boos fie
ar the krmer right edge of the mac. br stould be
nooed char che moversene of the right hand and
toasing of the coin ik performed in one contin-
ua medion, coordinaned wich the opening of

ahe (eft band ao ghe oppose corner,


228 AUBINSTER OHM MAG

fever sree ri jor rt ale ie
copper plat en palm ai

item rip Tee Pick up te dine with cheles
bandl Classic palm che sdise ai yoru close vousr belt
fandsroundi cies fiaaad brite svurer left fis
buck to the bower ki stom tha Both
Bandh are cero posting ae the lower eueners, in
eclamedl fists, Say, “Them pou aced 10 pur in the mere
al. Farar pu por in che copper”

‘Tost the copper planed half dollar te the a
felt comer, Perform rhe Galle Mirch, prot

co tuss che coin coke upper right comer

tek bt rly aning fon hep
As before, pick up pe dane tes
hand, aed classi fit agains the plore: lise
aa you-chose the heft hard inte a Fist. Bring baby
Fits back ta dhe ewer comers of your mat. Se=
cretly ene of the half dollars ourof classic
palm, dropping ie co fingernip reas.

Sar, “amd hin pow pur in the lpr”

Ho the half dollar eo dhe upper left commer. Per-
Risers athe Gall Pirch, bo tans che geri
wan teenage ane Dedit Hharscl, bess

really rossing it aca. wr aay howe:
en, oper the heinal ard he nemelnity
half dollar: i ih furs hall dear. Show

‘hand empey and curn aver the rei is
pleof times ow show they are silver on beth sides,

Pick ap both caine with che hand snd
ric ae hem vith the belt Banal, In re-
allay. the Rrenx Fake (Chaprer ‘Twel,
ated ber beielly as fellow: hold che ewo coins
by their heeween the rips of the shumle
and second finger of the: i git hand. Bring the
kh fn of thigh mao
around che coins, che lett fingers going weer, ard
the thumb going under the coins dlike you were

abour co perform a Freech Crop)

Anaoom as the ooina are hidden from view, place
the fire and chind right fingers.on the igor ic
af the righe

eelpes of the oolea, ard athe nil
seyond finger aan urdersike of che bog-
GME coin, Aut game tise, remeewe ohe right

thumab, The coins are mow Pelil against the mail
by pressure five che first and chied fingers. All
this. is happening under the cover af che heft fise.

The nesn three mowers are performed at che same
tints, Firss, corm the left Ex pak up. choai
Soeghiah LCi consceek riot ine tee

the disc andcopper-coin are atill inclassic pallmh.
Keep the right sideof the left hand rouching the
Iimgers of the right. Simmultancously the
fines, sccored, aned shird fisygers of the right hand
toad ucvial de edge re St ria
the tighe paler Lastly, warn the righe in:
al pl Teall poor backs my

Jeo continual motion, begin ox meve your
bef hard slowly po the bef and curm-vour ri
hand downward, bringing your thumb ocr &
middle phallange of the scoond finger so thar
the ccoceh of che thems is situated. dinecely
as Bon she eine re a
iene Ble gapickh agains er dwg
Fam, fated the diese denger na ir a
left hand, chen stralphren: ous eke other fingers.

As you perform dhis-meve say, “This Gehe way
Ii dat pavraeurss indies srbac aid at pet
in'e a few and complicaned pence”

Pretend co dingy these rw half dollars inoo the
heft packers. Tea damp the dise amd copper
coin, amd secrealy finger pales ihe rerniai ning
cwer half dollars. “Kemowe vour hand from che
pecker sad os ee Kal aury is sauah less

2 All pow need ao de

compared

Crab ineo the air with the righs hand qoward
the efi. releasing the euins from cy
palin and closing your handle around chem fete
a Fist. The edna elisvk againur cach ote, ss chat
(t appears as if you “grabbed” rwe coins out of
the ale, Open the right hand em ahew che euins,
Feld capaliee ci vie ae ke the second: anil
thied fi Prevend oo dump them into che
left hand, bor perform a *Flving™ Shuccle Pass,
ectcnding co dhampe them inne che heft hart
bn pod aay then int right finger palm. As =
ands come copecher, cose che coins.
oe palm onnsahe left palm, crearinga ce
(phate dT). The sound reinfocces the ilhecion of
the coans het from the right neo the
(eG, Moe chat che dca ol a Shutth Pas with
vial mencmont ofthe coins imor nce, Mare
have caine ups with the dea anal inde.
fy published. ' The indea linge saw prise in:
the May ispiy insu ol i foenaahan
‘Townsend's rourine, Cola Go- “Jotun thas.
seated thac the idea dates further back, 1 Earl
Johnson (Presto), He also claines to bave given
Horry Lorayee che rourine back in 178.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN = GOIN PRODUCTIONS & VANISHES 225

Some anpec thar just having merece on the
coins does mor classify ie ae a “fying™ Shucce
Pass, where the cemphasis ison the aime of the
coins. Jay Sankey came up-with the idea im ngta.
(as sxated im princ by Kaufman, bur didn’: pub-
lish until soot Sankey in i990, Daney Keren
(igs), Lanne fenmdnge Cogs), and David Regal
(rgfizh aes ‘pulilisheal independent handllings,
where the colt ene clearly seen te be moving
froma one hand ina the oc

Boal hands now mewe at the same chime. The
left-hand corns palm down, *cacching" che coins
arabe fingertips. Spread chem auc and display
ahem, then pur chem on che mar, ame at each
ofthe upper cormon, When-you place a ouin at
the righs apporcurmer, tar pour badly a bie ea
the right. Your righ arm naturally moves tbe
right as well. Chop che eight hand during chis
scion, dransherriteg the eens fore te fiepenipy
rest aml chen ie semi back-palm (as taught in
the section en Maccingh Hrielh, place your
themb.on the Face of the upper soln in fingertip
rest, an grasp the edges of the coins berween
the sides erik & fire: and fourth fingers. Push
bork coin: around the tips of che sscomd amd
third fingers with che chums po tetany the codne
tantil che coins lic against the mails of ches: fin-
gor, With the right haved palen ihr, chis iv che
scm hack-paln position. You transfer the coins
int semi back aaron bmn vaur bed og
the aight at 2 needle od ihe left-hand aeetom: ‘Thar
beelpst oo hike che acgoon. Tie back na the frenc
ard ees your right hand om the mat. Secrechy
dirop che lower coin anno che enue, underneath
che reaing right hand (which scill holds che sec-
ood coin inseeni beck-palm, a: im photo 474),

Gescure wich your left unl remark chat for your

nese ctfece vou need to preduce mwa mane coins.
Paine co your befrwith your belt andl, raler a
pe pour left, then gral inge che air wish: ah
aml, Aw yg reer po the bef. your right hand
nanzrally moves along abe edge af che mar ns che
hrecr lefe ener, Rehease t perieai evi, cide
embo the mat From semi back-palm, thes raise
your right hare) up eo the heft hand and sap
your fingers. Orpen your left hand, aor surpriecd
‘bu ic is empry, chen book back oo your mar and
remark thae they already arrived. ‘Your audience
will follow your left-hand actions and mot ane
vou sccrenly Inad the nwo coins onae the mat,

‘antil you look back for the reveal,

FIMAL THOUGHTS: ‘This i: a fnur-noin presduc-
ibon, Fieidhing wish acoin at cach corner. of your
mua. Agauch, in isa perioct opening roarine for
any marrix type effect

STEALTH HANGING COINS

When Dovid Hoch fire released his Hanging
ee routine itcceaned quire astir His use of
p made his hands appear empey. even
ind he was hotding our coins, Ivesnpeil pa ace
ih che same cmpey look, but with wer ol
ea eh pelts Hocauac of angles, this nousinee is
Ears prea riage Boar aadising audicnce, Tecan be
foe pints traning buc with awareness to
a grains i See Seealth palenel ecins
can't be cect. The ravine is esencially a ahee-
com production, vanish, and prodaccion, bur
the poeeniss of the eousine cl the elfecn.
‘The coins are invisible, produced our of che wir
ong or acime, made invisible and beng on small
ret air, then grabbed our of| sirand
made visible, | originally presented this eAcer
an Volume ine of the New York Coin Magic
Seminar [7'T! acrics.

2230 AUEINSTEIN COON MAGIC

PREPARATHME [In order to perforen chits routine,
you will need ince worn (seh) Barber half
iollars, The faces rapes iet b won't
make noise when rubbed agains: each ocher, All
three opitia are in Secaleh pam in ghar eight hand,

PERFORMANCE: Ture beak herds eel
Srealrh-Pufma hs ao show hii ame
ecdns in Seealch palm can’ be seen, Say uhae yo
will do an effoce with rw eenpcy hands, ands
liscle bat of magic. Tixplain thar there: are coins
wil around, hanging invisibly in che air. You just
have co knaw bow oo find them. Lower your
hands, cramferring the coins tm apcalch meet pa
sition, Briclly, rclcase-your grip wish the foarihy
finger and being it wor eo the ahind fanger,
choaing the space between chem, ‘The coins are
Tew int a hone Hiegger palm, held Inv ahs third! and
fourths fingers, ace wartially clipped betwen
the anct third imgers.

Keach inco the air wich the righe hand. Tur your
thumb under che kreer odgpe of the coins, Hip
therm over ince regular fmger palm ac the base
af your second finger, then push che ounces
guie te the fingertips Mace it ange the exe
ed Fingers of yorer ralm-up belt hand, Before
alight rnoxdificarion of my Fingereip Sfwanle-P
EMsplay Deeven of oft the eins in ht palms, as
fiese caughe in wed Cain, Neacibed at
follows: at Tchusaben nop of che coin
in che left hand, holding it apainse che fingers
war their rips. Tarn the fel. ee down and
i ds ii pn Ag pero ae t
ci palm oo a the cop sil
‘or enin bo the right fingertips under che cover
of ibe eft fingers, Meee the raght hand! po abe
right, which brings ihe ean in the right hase
inte viow, and arn it palm down, Immcdéancly
finge: palm che coin in che left band, aml ourn it

Te uf mw Place the coin iat dhe Wf honed
Door the sips of che belt chum asd fray fine
gee, Wichour missing a bear curm the heft-humd
pales down. ‘Turn che righeshare pula ugeeard
and cake bock the colm with che cigs of the
thumb amd first Finger,

Reach inte the air with your eft hand, pushing
ms eain oa the fingertips, Place the con from

be niga hand ines the belt under the enim ar
ihe fr hiy si ao the coined ane mere held bn
a iwo-ooin fan with she hreer coin being inser-
most, Cnee again, each inco che ais wish he

‘CHAPTER THIRTEEN = COIN PRODUCTIONS & VaNESHES 244

right bund, ing the renalsring coin co che
fingercips. Place ic ac tbe bootomn of tbe fin or
thar it ts innermost, cccating = abree-coin fan
ate aba ii ips, eo shat area
creat ooin ie by the thunsb against the
middle coin, middle coir by the second fieges,
and uppermost coin facing the audience, held
inet the madilie ooin by the first fingee (phobe
Explain chat the eoles came Fre ahe air
bur can be ends invisible and huss amyewhere in
the eky (a Joho Rumeay lideall

Pretend to reve the lowers eoim ak the fan
i ee raters bi yi selina
net, in the right third figger oo bring,
the kreermose enie out af che Far amd under the
side of che iumls (pean 476) Move char vhis is
mire a Rome Klien eae Tuna your right
hand palms down, squaring up che vw remain-
ing coans against che finse finger, and curling in
eee wud roi siberian
ingentip rest (piste a7 7). Classic this coin
as you wave che ether rans over the belt hand,
Open the ae . iericpaclioa onin re
become invisibte anc emi to hang ig in @
air on an invible hook

Re-spread cut the Fat of ree coins so char the
coin ar ehe pater te ai bnermon =
lies ahie- ai the imager. As
ie mia pea this coin wiahithe lit hand,
ar wader the cover of che belt fingers eed in
the scoond finger ro bring the coin olf ihe fen
ind under the thumb iphoto a7.

‘Turn the right-hand palm dawn, so thar che
coin mew hics on che accu fingertip. Wie che
remaining coin ower the left hand, az the same
tiene eilesulhy classic Lonel rod the fen-

i et Uhe eae in classic palm.
Rake rb mogtoms with whe left en
then oper the to show thar the coin has
become: invisible. Hang ic in che aie on chi in-
visible hook ue before.

Place uber chard coin an ihe belt pam and choc

thir beara stati ta ft. er Si

tether ab if righe fengers ocd @ A

then ape hc tbe ein alin’: be~

come invisible. As wou open. your hand, secret

ly sen sillernely the elssiteepalmed ecient no
ake

Fighe fiexger palin, pare ahac che coan on che

loft palm is in proper position po do the ROLES
moe, Invlicate she coin on the palms and execuse
the RAPS mop, stealing wat the coin aa che
left-hand chines ini a fie Aa yea withdraw
Tee As ee ne har a er on

of che aches coine in finger palra. Bring your
ick has up to your mouth to bho om ie Wish
the arnenaton om she belt ham, secretly transfer
the coins oo Mowhere palm. Brielky, grasp the
edge of the coins closrac oo che firs Finges wish:
abe thumb. Lever them and curl the
ight third finger aroursd ghe rims of the coiled
v0 hold them, Mowe be hush off ie poina i
thar they are just belt boy the eurlee! bind finger.

Open whe felt hand no show thar che coin has be-
come invisible. Tiler it with che tips of che aij
thomb and first revs fingers ped eek icin
airon an invisible hook, ao thar che right hand
is seen tobe otherwise cy ihe codes ane hid
don in Nowhere palm and can't be seen, Gee
ture with boch haeels co indicaze eho thine cui,
nan fewistle and hanging in the air on ieniaitbe
hocks, Drop nour right hard te eho sade,

Reach fro che str wink your left hud to gather
all che invisible-coins out of che aie. Dering chia
accom, mansher the coins ineo Steahh palm aa
follows: Grasp the free edge of the ooins with
the thumb, and rorace them eur of Nowhere
paler vo lic ac che base of che right third, fin-
: Ur the chun bbe path chee cocina against abe
the hind finger, Gragp che with
the scoond and founh fingers, Begins conan
spour hard palin ap, extending the fest and see
ood fingers. Move the sade of the therd fenper
over to the second. finger, so there i me apace
eeeey Coe De ee og Snr
Fingers say: exne Lower the T
a the coins able downward amd hk
bevel of the excended firse and second Fingers.
‘The coins are now in Secalch-palm posinion and
the band is palm up in Siralth-labs Disphry.

Preece tocubop tbe ooine Grom the left hand
ante the right pales, perforening thir Flak Pre
diction a oA pou ring: your felt hase
alown ewer the right, jerk the niga thied finger
upward The colen flyoured Seah paler een
up-on che ngha palm. te looks like chey were use
dropped from ihe left hand, becoming vivible
the moment they hit che palm.

232 RUBINGTENN COM MAGE:

STEALTH SHOWCASE
This teatine & comprised of fixer dilferent

le stares igh che ehece-eoie prevluctien,

lowed by a Ne-Toach Cains Across, a Gad-
abour Coins , anda kicker mmulelsonin
production Lie of Stealih pales allows you 00
show your hunsds cole decepaively empry before
the magic, Wink use of Sealch palm, it is-beer

ta perform hie for siccing audienses. It cam be
alone for ascnding crowd as as apencion
is paid ww che sightlines so thar the coins can't

be seen in the hanils. This coucine originally ap-
peared on Velame Ten of she Now Vork Goin
Magic Seminar (VT series, bur the hazelling
han simee boon modidied,

(PREPARATION: fn orclew on perform this reanine,

you will need eight worn (eof) Barber half
dollars ‘The fices are emooch eo thac chey won't
make noize when nabbed apaina each oaher.

They are also thinner thar ever ocher types al!
half dollars, making ir easicr eo keep more coins
in Stealth palm. Theee opine. are in Seealch-palm
pesivion in each han The remaining ree coins

ape in the left packer.

(PERFORMANCE: ‘Turn bxich hard palns up using
Saslh- Paley Hei ge shina theirs ennpsly: The
doten En Stealih pales cast be seen, Say akan ou
will do an effect wich wa ernipaly haridls, anal a
litele bie of magic. Explain chat there ate coins
all around, hanging: ireeicibly im cbse air. ‘Vou jut
have oo know g co find nn rat ot
pein cocsscemially porlorm a producrion
Silt co whas was used in Senatch Hanging
Coin, Lower vour hands, nranaferring the ooins
ittcalih seu ponition, Briefly, rebrase your prap
vith che fourgh finger anal being it erect eo tbe
hid finger, chiving the teccn ahem,
‘The Sana ork a ee ies + palm, held
A ihe chird amd fourth fingers, and. partially
clipped heraven the second and third fingers.

Reach into che sir-with the right hand. Purycur
shunt under the bower odpe oF she coins amd
flip them ower inge a regular Finger palen ae che
base of dhe socomd Finger, Mush the oarermoss
coin bo the fingeni¢ps. Io the same way, when
the right hand eeackes inna ube air, wercaly flip
the let-hand eon over andl inte a regular fin-
palm. Trancler whe cole pe povchited te che
cipsof your heft chums ane finse row firegers:

ake ayer the alr wish your hand again,
comin oo the Angerips. Ce
lana ep apy ate cir
ben underand in fone (cing your sudience}
cof the cain at abe Ie fingertips, oi che ooims
are mine hell in a vertical nwc-coin Fam. reach
ing the aie with the right hac, pushing che ec
pions, Sie w the fingertips, Place it uncle
aint a dhe lowerttscie coin im the lef
haeel, eeearitg & ahteesratn Gin heli vertically
arthe left fi ips. Tranater che Fars en the cigs
of the tba ne Bee and second Fingers of the
ight band.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN + COIN PRODISCTRONS & VANISHES 22:3

Phase TWO: Coins Across

You aré now going 1 close your hand around
He, cae ec ride puke og daghe
First, nom. che 9 m up oo

i fan horizontally in a the ni i
Ingertige. Begin to curr che har! dim,
secretly dropping the boron cain af che fan al
theeg cone fo ragha-hand fier palin, Wiibeut
hesitation, bogin in close brie a frac. Dhering this
section, Grats i ac ry
and pres: che ewo-coin Fin again che side of
the second Finger with the chum. Guel che first
finger arcasnd cheir rims co aliga them and hold
chem in place iehis same oochmique was caught
in the deposi: Fra Goin Trick |, photos 444,
and 442), Your chumb mewes the face oF
the coime so towch che sidke of abe fest fenger ae
the hand is chased, The oaind actaally sit wnmntide
the Fist. Clieec omar bf hase aa. wel

Make a mossi were with whe closed sighr
ha es apene resi the prior accion 1
shew the pweeeoin fan at the fingertips, 1
the left, puuhing the ourermoe coin to the im
gercips vehere it ft digplayed. Ome coin hat

parenely ui acreds From one harel 04
other, Chase che left hana, slicing she cninat the
fingertips back on tog of she ‘cooing in fim

get paler. (ohne the right band in abe same enan-
niet ot before so thas the lowerssen ootn eilemaby
ET en dap of eke other cote in fi palms,
and che remaining coin i held ouside che heer,
fire: finger sacasnul ine -, aml foe covered bey
the dhimh (seo photo

Stake anocher cossing gescure wich che righ:
hand. Gpen ir, reversing che closing action no
aa eaingpaal iy aps (rw sre
in heer palnel, Chen ke ha , pashing.
ihe top peg nine eo che aps of che fingers tome
aaifl im finger palm), Show thae the second con
fs a acres. Dpop ehe tn ease froes the
efe fi apna cnet Siege pal rise exis ceil
elose che Feanal. Ave bbe eae tine, execuae the
aide-ie phase of che Slide Move (Cchagier Five)
with che coin in the cighe font, placing It be=
hind rhe ras coins in fieger palm os you
jyour hand ino a fie, Briefly, excend the firer
mwa fi and with che chunsh drag che coin
down fingers coward che baw, ‘Thee carl
the ti and with ahe thumb gip inacor the
ain behind che coins in Finger palm. Clase your
heard inte a Fer around the con,

Make one mole cosing gesture wih the right

fia, and a carching motion with the lefg, jin
pling che coins in the Drering this
al motion. insert the cheee cols in the

right hand inca Stealth palm os follows: Press
the oping ina stack agains: che base of the chind
fimger with the thud grasp the edges with
the second and fourth finger. Begin te cure
your hard palm up. carerding the frrig anal. sec—
ond finger, Mawes che side oF ghe thie finger
ance to the soownd finger, se ahicre bi nto space
Ieaween then Make surc the firse andl second
lingers ory exeended Lower the fourel fi

oo that the coins cle dinwreward and below
extended first ard second Emgers. The colms are
now in:Sccalch-palm posizion and the hand bs
palm up in Sieabh-Falm Diselay. Explain chat

abrec coins hue now ome at a cime

abe right (bow che hand pales ap, cokne hikers
in Stealch palm) ee che hele, Cipom the lett, pesuh-
ing all chree coins to the fingsreige in a vertical
ahrec-noin Fan,

Phase THREE: Gadabout Coins

Lower the right hand, moving, all thine olnes
moa fi palm, ith che coins at che base of
the chird Finger. Push the catermesr coin to
yeand ihe fre finger so char ir nese actin
finger palm, partially om the coins underncar
aid parcial on the hase of she firas andl second
fingers (phon 479). Take che Grecr ree coin
from che tefe with che tips of the right thumbs
and fest friger, Say, WF put ome cain may, it
absuld feave ete, Dot it leaps three”

During this remark pretend to place the coin
remaining in che left hand ince the pocker bur
keep it in fieger pales Square che owe coins

238

RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIS

im che righe et che our }igerd coin (phate
posidle ahs oi hand over, curl che fi

amd bec che three coins fall once the gi ofthe
feria and second fingers (phate 4H). i a
thumb on che back of she coins, Turn eour han:
palm et left and vpeead out all cheee oniae

inh a erties!

Take he two code aaah iain
left hurl idl be Prue inna che
"intros srecot¥y ould ube om rag oF the
cra poe so thar all cheee aan are
(place nre-ooine may fuer chow?
ome, bur ir eaves three.”

Cusing chis nematic lower she cighir hard. Slidke
the coin left at che eight lengertips one the
ether ewe caine in finger polm, shen aan
right-hand palms dewn, feming the coins fall
ene dhe aipsof che curled fingers. Place your
thomb on the back of the coins and fan them
out co display chem in a vertical fam as-you mann
your acon fen co the left. Square them
pie ar your second finger and jpre~
ond qo ross them inn your ble hand, Inancad,
perform a “fying” Shurcle Past (as firer- caught
fn the rourine, Belogne Detull, varning the
right-hand palm downward eo apparently cose
the ovine inte the felt hare, beet bali
i right finger palm, Tarn che kelt-hand pales
down in peeparation for che move, curling im
the fingers and rraeiferning the finger:
coins. ro fingenip rea Cope abe beft-hand palna
upto receive the coline, leering ahe coins im fin-
gercip cea fall backward oneo abe left palm as
if they were really moased From the right to che
lof. This is a Jonatha Tewnacril inca From his
routing Gein Ge-Rerum in the May ry Apoc-

aiypar, although Canny Kerem, Larry Jennings,
oa Regal, ae also. put inva print
ne Se ci eat F place: all ahrne

it heaven abiree,

aay hicy eikale

Pretend te: place the pated coins Evia che bef

hus insneacd the remaining ra
egies and hold all sky ot Ina. Fam ous
the three ccins in. the right ia as vou finish
the sacement. Transfer che fan of three coins
olen. Feige er hand, arel say, “Fhiree

charm for me, because

of ce ha alloeed mer ro fpr life of wealth and
pesrcriry.”
Trop all sbrec coens impo the befy hana anc close,
muking ike enie clink agaitiig each acher in the

. Opens the left hiaeed and alleva all sight
coins co dide down che fingers and drop inso
the palm-up right hand co end.

FINAL THOUGHTS: A. loc of magic happens
daring chia rourine, [you vent to perform chis
for a sanding crewed and you ane on

with angles, vou can start with all of che coins in
Nowhere pales and make the necessary aja
saci durng che rowing 1 aahetitate in No
where palen or [0 Grip inured of Stcaleh palm,

The mubi-coin produccion. ar the end of she
rouciew is scaxtleng. You cam even increase she
amount of coina produced if you palm out mane
coins from pour packer rstcadofshewwacentna
used in the routine. However, you mast be com-
Fortabl: enough co able to wonceal more coins

im your hari.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN = COIN PRODUCTIONS & VANISRES 235

DEJA VU COIN VANISH

This routine it basically a vanish, production,

rsipboasi deh pecasty anc menNany

Neotel aT pict be aviginally appearcd oy

"Tena the Mew Coin ‘Semis

eur DVO series, slibough abe haredling heen
eodified a Ida from che oragtnal descreprion,

PRPARUTION: Vie will meed chree worn [eole")
Barber halfdollars. The surfaces of rhe oains are
smoodh, io that they don'ts make noise whee:
rubbed agairag cach calser.

PERFORMANCE: (Give ihe ahince onina ao your
base oe sanelne TAR thers berk and hold
at the af the fingers of your palm-up

heft fhandl. Say, “Wow a sccm the coins, you'te

touched che codne (pack weno chins up with your
right hand and neb chem againar cach ocherl and
jou cas bear the coder (eloop them back enon che
coin romaning in the beh: hand. Sy snouid ir be
sof ws aieata: (har jou think thes cole anceaal?”

Place che coins tn a-wertéical fan ar your sigh
fingertips, with che baccom cedn Being, inner:
oxcae and held by the chumlb agatmer che midiclle
coin. Whe top coin of che fan is catermost and.
held in place wich the firs: finger. Concinar 1
say, “Moar do Fur f muse cell pom, aangic ie
" a direniog of pereepiion, nd im
fu an ic icunriminee tet
to belicoe became you are frnge jrostar cams, Fir i

Haake phe firse ein, seers tae adhe ebirasciaa
then blow on it, oho ood gumtihies.”

fond Unis thecove of hel ger oer
Li cover of fi exe
che third finger over the fice aE the Revecranei
coin, Bend it inward, bringing che coin ureter
the abumb (ax with pasts 478, tim the
pouring Smalh Hanging (eine), Nate char chis i
similar co a Rune Klan mee, Wighdrow yr
loft bared to che bch, cleving vier handl inte a
fig, Ache same time denn the rghe-hand palm
down, which balances the coin. em che rbgha
dhied fi cep. lemediseel: hehe eats ine
chaseic Winve the jeaeinenewcrke fet
hard, Make cnambling mociens with your left
fingers, them being che hand wp eo vour mourh
to blow on the hand. Cpen your ff hand co
show chair the vole has vaniehed.

Remark chaz can also do ic with the second
ooin, to take che lowers coin af they
Gan with your boli hand onc again. Pofirm the
jamie actions under dhe cover of che Tele fi

Exceed ehe chird fi serena the Gee of the boe-
com coin, ches bend icin i bring che coin ino
the right hand wander the vhhura Wichainate he
left hand and close ic incoa fee, Tre the right
hand palm denn, and classic pales chis coin st
lonthy againer che firas. An cacy way to prevent
nina -ra touch the coimagaines the faacy partof
the ikem, then dide it over the. classic-palmed
the left and wave the remaining enim ower she
fu, Phew on ihe hana making crumbling ime
fons wath e left fingers. pen dbs hasd te
chaw char che sevemd coin has vartched

The wanksh of abe third coin de done a bie dif
ferenaly. Mace che-coin ante the open bef pale,

in prepararion For ring che R.OLPA mon,
‘Close-your left hand around ghe eoin, Maker 3
i inn with your right band arqurd

wavi
ior kee thes wiggle the left fise, During ahis
wiggling action sceevely drop abe two cla
dc-palnead oni oo fir palm. ia bara
che vols lato ery hak Poll ary grow by
masking ob DAVE, OF a wha. =

pen the Iefe hand to show che coin on she palma
im andl indiicanc che coin wich whe righs second

Fees, cfr Tho. CLS sade air ey bat

ithe erie eee Liane inden # eee ont the cei,”

‘Slike the jure srohen enter cane the caher eoine
in finger palen as-you withdraw: your right hand
ape being vous left fund up co the mouh oo
‘blow om ic. Execure my bskprod nts ok
(Chapeer Fivel, cransferring firgersppal
coin to Nowhere palm. friefly, ac the arm
cross Crighr hand under the left} bever the

af che cnin-closcar to che firs Finger wich 2
thamb upward and aecr po the third finger.
arl the chind finger no aul surreursd the
rine of the egies, Mae he ball the eoien,
which pats chem ino Nowhere plea, beld bw
ibe curled abind diager, Make onembling m-
ions with che chub: ara fi of both bands,
ibe unenoss che funds arscd thems no absre
bur dhe coins have vanished, Say, “So mene nlm

25 RUBINSTEIN COHN MUNG IC

Produce the firse coin by risging your righe hand under your felt arm, Under the cover of che arm,
rorage che asins back irae finger pallm wich your chundh snd push the ceatermoar coin no your right
fingertips, Withdraw che band! to display the coln amd pur it. on the exeended firs and second fingers
of rour open left hand: Continue to aay, “or reach ieee hic peoker eo rake our a ein

Place pour right-hand ineo your pecker. love one of the coins and push rhe remaining coin eo your
Fingertips. Withdraw your hare! to chow the coin. Clearke show chat your hands are empey excepr for
these ewe cole, Pretend en place it on teqy of the eoin in the deft karte but seral our the coun im che bel
hand with the second pare of the Turmoer Double Click Misr (Chapter Three), Firse, cure your right
hand palm dows and your chundh on dhe coin tolbold ic against che cighs firet finger. Hit che ooin
in the feb hand wigh che lower edge of the right coin.

‘Wishour moving the righ thumb, snap che right coin once che foe of che belt. coin. immediacely and
sccroily grasp che edges of boabcoans ee churn, pressing che morbarhate ed
abe right Fret finger, Rocere che edger oF thee: coins upward, so char the coins are now perpendicular
tothe be fi aml Auch againet the right fit and. scoond Fingers, which hide them view. The

waddle ola Se ee eh = Mowe aera er vader to ‘asetrg
ami pe ot E sce a iP ca anc ing the coins in place wi
hse Giasts (oe cadienre cece sneer ass haa a che sighs Fae hide the coins from view) Slide

pour thumb up to your dine Finger as you choice the Bard inte a Fiat, so that ir looks Fike pou cook she
coins and cleaned yesar hand ewer thems Withdraw fight bared frit dhe left, eraendorring the cone
eo finger palm, Coneinume. “war eoen produce a con whe air, jane Tie eis”

Reach ineo che wir, pushing che appermost coin ince view, held with the sips of che thumbs aed fest
Finger, Perform Milt Kort’s Drop biemih from Bebo's Modern (Cain Magic, used ava Click Pass (finer
tamghr fn phe rostine Trinfe Play), described briclly as folkerene Bring your righr band over che belt, wink
the side of the fing finger facing up anal palmcewand vou: Cpen the left hand! making eure chat noone
ant.ece that there ane es coins imide. Preece po oop che coin at the fingertips inte che left hand bur
dog i oneo the other coin in finger palm, making:a “cliek™, Cliac abe left hand as ifit caughe the coin.
Finish by saying, “clan's believe him, ey ,, Poe coder nicter extern”

Bree ey ose re Sabet epe tre es treriencrs gt Fait Riri pen acing te tag
q

action, Make cnambing moaions with che Fingers of boch hands, then open them to show shat aber oni
have vanished.

FNAL THOUGHTS: ‘The pacece cunne a simple three colm vanish production sequence Inco a very emeer=
fainting routine.

TRI-COIN

‘Thit routing was designed complonely by chance. | waned away to cbeanty vanish chree different coins,
sof Grr developed she ending. Cece chat was done, | chought iwoald be nice vo finda way co produce
thee didftrens coins, ina way that dhe coi were From wach hare. Se. che beginning was cre-
ated, Finally, [ hal some: left over from my Ungimminted Copper-difac- Aran rourine. | realiaed
that a ceuphe af them. act asa beige between the procection aul the vannih, and ahar ix hve this
coutine came do be 1 sell look at itas three separate phases, cach of which ean be used independently,
Bur togerberr, abe routine is very scrong and flr niccby,

Phase ONE: Three Coin Production

This ha method eo magically produce cheee diferent coins Dune ot bor a production al Sapper, aber,
and Chinese colm Integral bo ita consrnaectors Is an invevestitsg variacion on a Changesier Pali, afae
Lich warranced incksdon inthis book, This production is also described |e anaher rectine, Shel (58
(Coins Across.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN © OO1N PRODUCTIONS & VANISHES 257

PREPARATION: In onder co perform this sr-
quence, you willl need a silver Fate della, a oop
per English penny, and w half-dollar-stend (chi-
Cae They are eracked from tap te batten
as follows: Chinese coin on cop. SOppor enie den
the borwam, and ster coir in the middle, Al
ghee eit arc in right-hand Nermbere puller oo
hegin with che Chinese oats facie upveardl

PERFORMAMGE: [eeplay both hands wich Fin-
gers poleting co che wadience, amd che couns in
the righe hand hidden im Nowhere palm. Best
vOur hands at wakes level for a moment, axcocdly
transferring the coina ta Finger pelm, Te cope
per coin be now marcrmoasr, Reach indus ite ais,
purhing the capper cots to the fimgersips.

ae ate Gem going 6 perform ahe Separunion
Ate 4 sluice of che Viemen
Gevmee Pulm), co transfer the silver coin inca
abe left hard alusing the ace of suming che
per colin over berween the fingers of beak hani
Ie tt a choreographed move, and to be effective
must be dome in a amecah manmen, fier
produce che coin, curn your right-hand
palm ha ro di ay the cois at the rips of the
thumbs and first Enger. Seoretiy allow: the silver
cxties to pall dowrrwital taranrd be fouerals Bier,
ay Chas ie i aed en fi poss best now partially
dl ake Chinese coin, This separation & impor
ane fer the exe action,

Tues your eft-hand pales up po receive ther
copper colin ac the fingertips. Turn your righe-
be fim down aver the can fingon of
Ce heft harul ike ape PGi aes et
Te haw otic be First finger, Secretly ibnogs thee
‘ther coin ener ghee A an bring thy cope
cote up codbe left hgertips. © sal the left
inert aes Tai the Sher evan is exe in belt fine
esi pihe-copper
a ele st great ferat finger. foonule
rs 245, 346, and S47 is order no becrer an-
derrand this move). Without hesiarion, nem
your left-hand paken down arc he right-hand
pales up, ng the copper coin back ina che
righa: a | ag cipa of che cai and firer fingrs.
Once wgain carn your right-hand palm dows
and left-hand palm transferring the copper
cin back: imi the left hand at che fiegerrips.

coen berween the

Reach into abe air with the right hand, push-
ing the (hincar coin no the fingertips. Mace the

cain on top ef che Chines: enka se tbe
ag ut uo thas you are holding Ihorh
coins inva horteoncal fan, copper pothe
Reach inno the sip with the left Rand, poking
the silver coin po the freertipe Place chis inpa
the right hand on nop od and co che right af the
copper coin, creating a choee-coirs Fam.

238 RUDINSTEIN COIN MAGI

Phase TWO: Karen's Nightmare

When | fore came up with Ungieernicked
ae (Chap ‘Elgheh, Hee
did noc he foro che

phase comes froen chasing my wite all over che
apartmenc until she wach and comment
on cach mquence,

f hand,
rene = mrs gh hn beat
upward. The silver coin ds ac che ithe fan
and inmermos: (face coward youl,

rots Mader Cola Magi) wed at
double Click Pass {call ic che Fast Click Pass,

Prevend co ake che Chinese coin with che left
hand. Under che cover of che left fingers, secret
cfg le amy nh pon
i t asin pees
482), Move lef hand ve che the left, fingere ox,
tended ae if they held the eon, Close che ick
hand isto a Fist as you say, “Fire oor Chines."

Bring yer right hand over oo the left, which
opens a bir te receive che newt coin, Wich om
down moron ar Che werise, prenerd ba

copper onin inne che left hand. On che ‘dows
action, however, he. coin oneo che
Chinese coin ac che of = eh cane
a “clink" Ghote 480). Say, “..cken che copper..."

chasis the belt hand av if ir caughe the copper
oain, bo ihe nokie, thee aude
cmuceloeiocci tarid gt “Thac' mew,
voodees im ohe left hurr, anal ioe my right, | hape

silver coin.”

Perform acra’s Fingernip Tavel (forse taughe in Tiel
Aight dome Wild! Goin Show Version) wich. che silver
coin, Briefly, petane the coin wich the righe fn-
gem by Gre the accord ireward and
prewing che nail sicke againar the cope of the coin.
Fudlease che chums, which clipe che coin borane
che cipe of che Fira and acccend fh Prew ort
Psd inde presi and lift. che
off the coin, moving ie oo che ocher
ra the coin is now grasped berecen che
fips of che churnb, firsr, and secomd fingers.

‘Use che slide-in phase of the Stide Move (Chapeer
Five), en place the silver coin behind the copper
and Chinese coin. Briclly, extend the fine ten
fingers, and with che chemb deag che cain down
che tlle ah ithe base. Then curd che fn-

‘with whe chumb cip inwere che coir be-
nd che finger-palmed coins Continue eo chums
the hana inso a fist:

eo thake, chen push che

opine co che tips of che righe chum
and Fre the tiede-tie of the
Shak hove Belay toronto a ba Fares ot ake

coins paward che audioner, Follew by using che
Top Load (Chapert Two) to dip the silver coin
fate the belt bared aa you bap ic vdeh che ewe For

coins. Hriefty, intog ic righs t hand ewer che
i ood bagi st aes the lefe-hand palin wp.

Tarn your ¢hond palm down end drep che

id fates inahucky on u eek oe benge
i ie wich che

coin, os hadicane ae coin In the befe hand -

‘CHAPTER THIRTEEN = COIN PRODUCTIONS f VANESHES 230

Pash the sibect cote no the ti eden pingan beonk wel artarar | thar Ieift-bearnct up, die

the silver cain wich ins toward che audlicnce, Perform the ROPE, Deable Chek ey appar=

che two foreign coins ion the beli hued. yr Sf ea pid nd Chinese coins in che

righe ina woeinkn tee the cipof che aisamb, first, and second fiegers. They are slightly
separated, copper on the

Oper che left To lanadscakaeeisanaeasimanasstunsetio
che heel of the left chums, The copper codn ia eetaimed in che right hand, berwern the chumb, sneer,
and frat Therethieyabacels eau penabiny tr deerda’ ~omeenpivnh een
pop of che inc coin, 00 they ate exactly aligned, ome om nop af the avher, When. yoru

down, your right second sages said bs Sipe iebre'n and the ball Wie: pied thovld
lide hack ba teach che batersertien berween the pre pr the second finger. This
is cuentially che polmaing posicion of he Tighe hand in LOPS move,

Begin 1 close the left second, chind, and fisarsh cae Sethe fad tel ooplons
under the edge of the botcom coin with the righe dhumb and lewer beck uprward, cea ver-
He posi they will reat against the ball of uke eecord finger, a sa with dhe FLAS move. Comtinuc ab
if'you were the pieriger nin aetna nas irda aber popes
with che righe, che ccrina ie tee eat cemetery essere Ato Se
se takee tar ifcta hand, anele rey ie fall. ‘The: is thar wo coins were unen
placed into che left band, per bork are secrecly eolen our in the act oF closing the hand,
nen ewer yoru left hand oo cransier che sibere coin em the hand. Tarn ret sip

Inmenedliarely
ag ‘ep, pushing the nwo coins Inco palm wich che chisel paping me scoin by
benween the tips of the chum and phe iy You are now going bo per! my wariagion
ip ae etl mate ‘Tasiighe Zane Original Handling), de-
oe eh a rim dwn ae prendre ck

of che beft fier. Inatcad, hme fe i ge nd rrr lt ie ee

Imenediacely extend the right Fingers ee ae fae beeen doce the chen the

reer Png ic hrc of the left fies. bmmedi

pata opopnptplolpree ety Ur end pean hand
downward space Du a bin. This will facilitane dhe enowe. Slide che ri

band aff ahe back of che left hand en che right, reveal and Chinese ovina. The left

recates back oo ics original position as you remave the ci a uo chat the cote dans fall.

Remseree che coins from che back of che keft hand with she eighe, chen open the heft hand co meweal che
atheer coim Thecoins have changed places again.

Phase THREE: Three-Coin Vanish

Hold the ehree coins in a horkeonsel fam ae che right fingertips, The copper coin ix carermosr and an
the kde of floc bythe Chie, iverson meron wn a he e. Pre~
end cowake chem one ata rime wich che fee hand, Deri opr eyo ee en
a ary ie bgobini epg dg se pmmnipe eile bo
Five (used im che rearine Four by Free), Take the copper coin em che res nirwareeier
first finger and chumb. Tern your hand palm wp ca display the colm, chumib and first Finger upward end

roc of the Fingers extzaded fs roca of he the dein, Begin ao chose your left hand and! cure it paler cherwrs.

ay ne mpslrgn the coin hemween hue rips of the xoccmd aimed hired Using cher shaxmbs
at a cans Rise dione wvaoke tht Chincis win ta tas Gone fs ti he eke
i he nike pale ria seopper ote ace ths nate oi Bop
Fay slightly, smcrealy deappsing the copper coin ante fi
sonst ae ee thane! a bit to the lef. ace
the the thumbs and fra ingen ten lexi all inco the Be Be spur hee back over ax
Falta var temo sy cetera sa chia woke at che Fingertips,
char Fall ineo chee fie aa well. The ewocnies clink against cach cher as the silver coin drops inno
the fist, Secretly bold che copper coin in righs finger palms.

20 RUBINSTEIN COON MAGIL

Blow en whe had, when open ig aa shaw ahat ihe
copper coin has vanished. Push che aier ancl
Chinese colin vo che belt Aingercips and take the
Chinese codn with che right Fingertips. Tespilay
them at che fingertips of each band, faces to
the audience, Perform a slight carlation of Milt
Kogt's Bhop Verh, used ax a Glick Pass (first
sageht in the rousing, Triple Flay], described
briefly aa follows: Bring the right-hand over
to the fefe, Perform che Deep Vasith, dropping
the Chinese coin oan ihe eopper oan in finger

under the preeear of dropping the Chinese
coan no the lek hand) Ac che -sanse rinse, drop
the silver coin from the Fingertips ome che hase
val the left Fingers, chowing your hand bene a fist
The illusion ix chat both the Chinese coin and
silver coin ane dropped ar the sanoe close [naw
the left hand, making a “clink", Blow on che kel
hand, then open it to show thar the Chinese
qoin has yan

Digpliay the silver coin on che lefé pales in
preparacion Gor performing the ALCLPS mene.
Indicace the coin with che right sscomd finger,
emecuting the RES. move co sveul the coin our
ef the hand as pouches the left hand inca a Fis.
Aacyou finish the mowe, secretly ph
Fig on pop of the other rem coin

finer P paler Exccue the Greed Arme Subelery
ttahapen

et Fiveh, described briefly ae fedkres:
Cones yousr aac (righ arma under che leftl tna
pescure, rubbing the fingers of cach hand against
the thumb ins crumbing motion, Dering this
sction, secretly rancher the whtee finger-palmed
coins 10 Nowhere palm: “To pur. tbe cols inoo
Roser eo gop the edge of the coans clos
eax co the firsc ian rowith che chum, amd lever
then upward and ower no the third finger. Gund
the chérd Reger around the rim of the cone and
mowe dhe chumdh off che odie, which prucs them
ing Nowhere pales. Unoros the arms and open
both hands showing a complete wanich. The
right hazel opens toward ehe audience, wich che
fia cao ingers extended curwaral, The coins ins
Nien fene pales car's be seer

(MAL THOUGHTS: Aa | monrhoned, this sourtne
is made up of sequences chat be used fo other
reatines. The opening and closing sequence cam
he weed with similar coins ar wall or can be meed
wo introduce or finish any CSR routine, Nore
ahat dhene is a emall discrepancy with the Pur-
back Move There iv ine auskd ehen the second
coin i dropped inse the hae, This it inot an inne,


CHAPTER THIATEEN + OOM PACU THING & VANISHES 241

however, as it i not unusual for dhe axing eet
co moach inthe hard, There i: penie: when che
third coin ik dropped into a fist, peoviding che
appeopriaer histor.

THE FLASH VANISH

Eric Chien performs a very starcling vanish,
faaghe on his TVD, COIN, A coin is placed ox
the center of his palm, and with a quick chosing
and opening of his hand, the coin vanishes. Et
hooks Hike erick photography. | breed the can-
cepe (but felt char che effece could be sega
plished in a much easier Gahien, This vanish can
easily be performed with book balf dollar and
dallar-sized coins, |t isa modification of a wan=
fh wring che fityy part of thee chunsh, raughe bo
me by Hor Zarrow, whieh | exagha om the gy
Master Goin Technique videw series and later
nuomed inte the pedia of Coin Skeighes
DAD series bw LL pablishing. Although che
Yarew vanish was never published, a similar
vanish was pur ingo print by John Cornelius
andl wat aleo independenthy dewckoped by Steve
Freeman. This move is caught wiah a ihrer aol
lie since size doesn't alfeer the mere, aldhingh @
halfdollar cam be aed ae welll

‘This vanish differs bowls it che ciesing, and the
mochaniom by which the move is secoanplished
lalthough the baste ides pemaied the camel To
petform, hodd a ailver dollar by its edge wich
the sips af che thumb, first and second fingers.

Hiring the coin over no the open left oa becherar

the second finger, slightly pushing the oppasine
edge of the coin agains: in ipsa 4B4h The of

fingers poine down no che pales, anid the cighe
chumb fics across che bef pale (photo 485),

Ac this tthe right band ated fergere cho seve
msec. hes the Sy nde aroured ke coi Ae
the hand choses, ir turns slighsly ar ehe weiss (he
Ioft arm dlocs pot move) and quickly moves 1
the right causing the palm ta pusty de eoin be=
tween the right fingers and chumb (photo 466
shows thie with fhegers open, while photo 487
shows dhis samc view with fingers cloocdh. As
soon aa che coin & pushed under che fmgers,
quickly the left hand, curning back oom-
plecely palen up to show thar tbe enim hae van-
talsed (photo ME) Dione quickly, chia Newnes lie
an i sible, instantancces vacish, The ebsa-

wee felt fingers masks the rapid pusking
ofthe coin onilor ibe right Fingers bry che palm,
and the slight wrist turn is andeieceable. Note
that abe pamition of the right fingertips with re=
poet fo ihe ai stay the same, amd whe
fi thumb fini in the same place ir-stam-

,fescing-on che left pales

Fink by lifting che right hared and curling tthe
fingers soabae i coin fimidhes in Bngercip ree.

FIMAL THOUGHTS: ‘This i: noe ge he coed all che
tiem, brat foe wha need chug dramacic inv
poct. ofa Don's Mink vanish, Te follow, you
ean trancler the coin ie [MK Crip as you reach
for a epeek of dust frons the air with che befs
hana, Place ie beaween the righe thumbs and see
emul fingerelp. Hold rhe left band wiah finger
poinaing up. and with a quick dewnfup mowe~
ment of che right hand, puah the coin agaiens
the right fingers with the rie hurl aril Beare
icge the bef hngereips os a Flash prodaction

Nore what whis mien pos con ako be done
dhorecly,gortrinyg as gala “bien” aa any orber pass,
with po undue Finger or knuckde movement.

Cards are marked to cheat.
Coins are marked so you don’t.
Or Aitchoe! Kedeectenr


Chapter FOURTEEN
COINS & CARDS

VOODOO REVELATION

This routing has bors a of my close-up dhow fer masry years Ir is boch a coln and card effect, andl
ibe plot is original ft Lara lie eh once moenents, and there Is a kicker ending after the curd reveal
which fa very starcling, | used eo perform this routine with just pure sleight of hand (an updaoed han-
dling can he found elsewhere in this chapter Age Kahn of Nanadu a ane alter secing me
Fad nm his rousise ond. siked me if l could pur in a gimmick and marker che effoes. We both agreed
that using a shell would make the effect easier to do, and he could sell che rowtine with the gimenick.
“The rouaine was released, bur Art had ol my inarructions wither omy [making the ros
tine more difficult vo follow, Uappooached him abous abi, ard after a heared discussion | decided eo
rll i froen thse att unreleased hansdlling of the original versson thar | marketed,
sett che presentacion [use in my ;

PREPARATION: In onder to perkorm this effcer, vou will eeed several irems: First, you will need asec of
four old copper English penmticy, and a matching expanded aheli wich che heads side showing. | recom:
meted using a King oe ech Vieroela sec, as chese ane much darker than the Csscen Elizabeth
perinics, ifs re only iobtain a Queen EGeabech expanited hell with matching coins, pou will
nocd co pet a eet chat init sbi Pye age unable oo get a sce with 3 thell, please skip to che version
of chin roueine-using sleigh of and. Ir follows ahis coatine, and usce an extra cain Enetead of a ahell.

‘You will sho need a silver or geld marker tboth work beat | prefer silver) In addition oo the coins und
marker, you ail meed a ser W"adheive nas colored stickers. The bend d use has four diferent
colors nia cow; red, bhae, yellow, and groen. Cut chose ions aeripe, one set of colors per-sari You will
need onc strip foreach time you perform this rearing. You will need a small felt bag in which the coirs
soe Kepe."The Bar ty hoe noccaaary, bur ic wil) Weep the cabs proseersd. wail In thc Pourjer'endce

You will seed a small cap, | uae ae anal Arab tor Turkish) coffee cup, usually sold in sete, They are
wma, bras, ard look quite old, which fies with the theme of this routine, You will probably noel re
perform an Incermet search to find these caps. | found a sct on E Bay andor Ansbic bras &

dup def ery, beet you can check ander Turkish, Antique, and ecacep set as well, Unable no Fined
sell bess cep, un egg cup is che same siee and works just axwell. Noth have a wick cupped botenms,

244 RUBINSTEIN COaN MAGH:

chat will allow you to cally pur it over a coin
There are weaail porcelati calles cape an welll
fies None wrod, The cap eich 38 De pac.
br panl ipa adapt Argiall pinch
nae sstaemtaleg! jo fiegera witk-
fe ee ee joweree, be chonibdl
be derp enough so char che coins won't be seem.
br also needs oo be able oo completely cover a
coin when placed oneo che cable.

Allibgagh not ncocmary, | kecp the prope in a
small box. | usc 3 pa ere wooden box, found at
pet Aineral homes, ghat is used bo coneain your
Li a As there are a ioe an en id Ese
small e ba emrry area

whale ee ee

props. Photo 459
the ee the coima

fa nie cat nh imathe
, the Bight of Hears. This cord
oe whe The other in . Inside
chia. are Four different Eight af Hears. The
first #8 thireeen carda from ghe pop, and bas che
bhee sticker actached 20 ita back at the
left commer, alsaat a half inch off che white
dex. ererene Ripe a aire fcighwencants
from che mop ud hase red aabcher ae che lower
agri pai wade Won met Duet
Hearts, th ch the and
te ber er he ar ck ee
levee ort, is at che per se yd
from the cop. Pact dheon kc Ineo the
thar che blue sticker is ae ins oan be
position, [F you tale che cards oor and spocad
Bem rani lt , the blo will cone wp
Firat ae che apper ‘arent, [Espns conctnane te
+ aay adie po Pempolarega Alenra ae
sticker, you wall aprive at she green aticker

ctpeaped band comnes, You won't sex
ep oa caer Uf you rake che deck
emat al char bu fe free cd a
when you epecad the cards the red sticker

Rene! deme ep at che upper be corner. [Fou
by the red ome and contiemac to apecad chem,
pellow will evencaally appear ar the lower lef
corner, Ini imporcent bo meserine due learn
of che axbckers, oo komo if you seed to men che
dock mroumd before pr ca Fb
{you tome comes up first or second. Place a ermal
dos on the fron of che bow chaz only you com
sec, ro eel) one deck From che other.

Weite on che heads ticle of the fever ooina wich
the sibeer (preferred) marker. Cine coin
"YOU" The second coin ays, “CHOSE.
ee epg The hes gota haw che
numober &, and che rapa ‘This cairns
is fl shell, The
coins are placed im the Gillen cl tail
wide up expr for the beads side shell (which
fecee upward and cowers the heads side of the
Eighe of Hearts cain), From oo boron:
af Hearne teovered by the shell,
CHOSE, THE Again, the caileside of the word
solns Face ep oo chat che words are noe soem. The
Beeaele-sicke ia Gee up and covers the ocin
wich the name of dhe card. Mace dren ine ths
amall felt bag and por a small silver der on dhe
bag om che side char bos che weds 20 you. wll
hosow which side will show when you remewe
the coins. Place chis ine the cup, and che
cap bete the box. Have che colored smbps in che
boo, You only need ane scrip each time you
this routine, but you can leave ueweral in

the bow for additional perforemanocs,

ice the deck ue ight pocket
deck, Bighe — at

bu leit pocker, _ fas on

with the props near enough mo me a ee

irupand perform when | am ready. [fyou

have a bom, you can here sa pang

and erickers in your left pocker co begin.

PERFORMANCE: "fou gore want i ape ar care nick?
te ea, fray dew a card riche rind once,
septilonat rh cencatt frhmyr hee ponrsbaecrrad
eo nate a card ‘Visa, I fata peeelicend Atma
boat a yainlgrec Siem ua ie
Lo gee a charge our ir. fonigtir,

peed, pow gaye are a gener cron, as ne a

iH


CHAPTER POUATEEN * COINS & CARDS 245

Remove che normal deck of cards from your left pocker. Force the Bighnof Hearts, Have che apecrator
pus ie feck treo chrdleck Square np doc cunla mi yon ary.¥ lobes, a sonadth position.”

Have the cur the cards ond the cut, Hawg hin clo it again, Tell bien char ic males
hin a "cur” abowe che others! Tale che back, chem back inthe ban, and a4 icy wipe
maf my con the tale of Hiseti, and chere hey dom’ jue do coed nick, co your cord afcy
use. Vowan ™

Place che deck of cards inpe epocker, behind che patf deck (chia is imporeant!h, Place che box
a rmicin aaron ware oeatic This box comer neste that sree geen foceme frown che High,

Qpen the bow and remark char inside you heer some strange assed wendereat ieema Remove the cup
end say char iris the Chalice of dhe High Woodoo Priewteas. Place his at che cenver of the rable. Rirmowe
the bag of coins and make che caine out of the bag, Reneember chat che bag has a alleer dor om one side,
0 pou mac sl Fant wc ng te snes rte sists es eh i

of ureeanced iceméh. Hold chem ina stack in your left hand, words ered nyu brea trp
(che YOU coin) onco-yeur right pal and place your secomd amd chine om cher Face (raile wicks} of
ican cil meray hice, Lapham inde pe enpr emer ford
geriac che same ciene puting the chamb on che side to hrok! che coin ageinet thom and rable che
coin terehe right, clase to the lower edge of the table. ‘You have just appareral sherwe both sides of che
coin, bur in realiey, just che calls sidle cwice. Became the onpper coine are dark ic is hand eo easily see the
detail en the eains, 20 the face char che calls side ia seen cerice is mot noticed, The mext coin ts the shell
coin. Thush chis off omco your right palm, and in che same way as che farsa coin place ic oxo the rable
co the left of che first coin (ohis chee bead aiebe ing Corice). Make eune the shell docan't

from che coin ic covers. Do che same for the third coin, placing it 10 che left of the shelled
coin. The lace coin is in che left bard. Move it os che befe palm, place your fi on the tmils side of the
cit an ar your ban ove. fire, pat your dumb. he oppo Fae and place on che
table all che way to the left, exile side showing ewice. You mm have che coins int a reve, all eails ide wp,
exceps for the thelled coisa which is heads side up. The cup lis in fromt of che row oF osins, at the cenees,

"Hore I dere fuse, ele! eermmenial coins. Three cob bape boos need for ceuniicen
Sica olereinn loon abethe Blur ane af heme coda sata hrehr lade ets We noe
ore elie fealey coe, Fam going no ralke oar a grow of mticlarrn.~

femove a scrip of coloced stickers from che box and display chem so the audience. Sey, “Back reicker
color represencs.a force of nature: So here # have (ue, for the color of che sky. Welle, rimgends Ager 3 4
Sem: Cae Fi mnie ox sane aber for een ig the for And

for, don't know, Ried. Now Iaermt you to choose a colar, The color rhar you ip che one we ane going to wa”

‘They select one of the stickers, for example, che yellow sticker. Say, “Yello obits ain excelleme ehesiee, a's
the color shar I ool have chonen, bad! # mor chose one of she onber phere.”

Rensewe ir froma dhe scrip and place ix om the Face oF the hell. the other michers iano che box, ax
a ae leader coin, and more powerfiel clan
any cookers.”

Pick ug che shelled coin with the thumb on oop, fixe amd sccond fingertips going under the coin. Show
the sticker on che coin by curning your hand palm up, chen cure it palm down co show the underside
(calle side eo the audience, Indicate che other coins with the ome you are holding, while you remark
Cavaiiegltr rd than che gaber chree colina. Say, “Hur oo fully harnce ir magic, we nerd eo isolare
ia ice”

Se RUBINSTEIN COGN MAGIC

Pick upolhe Chalice wich the left hand. Tarn
the right-hand palm down, curl che fingers, and
place the coin ince fingertip rest, head side up.
‘Grasp che edge of the shell closesr oo the rips of
the ange ee rh ee of the shumb and bitt abe
telpe all che cote Cacsich stave on che Gingertipel,
puthing the opposite edge againe: the inside of
the Gngers (photo 450), Barend. the th a are
fet ube coén drop onaw the eeener af the sable
esils side up, so chor the naeie of uhe card re
realen hidden. Transfer the shell ne fimger palin,
heads side againac che fiegers. Cover che wolm
with the Chalice.

Say, “New char mabe phe ooie ery magical, bur
ax nov op make whe eebor ocr magical as welll, The
tay eo manke them magical dx ro unape nhem oer che
Chatier*

Pick ap the coin an the heft (dhe oie chee Pe
THEY by placing vour right fire amd second
fingers rane the coin, thumb on nop. Slide che
coin back so ic nevis iin che shell, rails ede our-
ware, Mune your hand aver co the Chalice and
make awaur ina circular motion, chen push he
evin to the tips oF dhe chum and finer Finger
and show uber atiekes (photo 45d), Sav, “Wire just
sping oo mupe che cote over the Chalice, ane! apmie-
thing smenge happens. The teller sinker dmparns
diesel ee che coin, jure bey ening dr ower che Chalize!™

Ture your right-hand palm up and exrend abe
fingers, so char the coin hes rails side pom the
scoond and third fingers, Tress the sides of the
fest and forth Fingers againer che of uhe
shell (photo 492), Turn your right hand ower, re-
taining the shell by che cwoce che first
am! fourth fingers, and allem the coin to fll
oma the extended fingers of the paln-ep hel
hand (photo 499). The tighe band covers theenin
eo char abe word “THE® cart be secn, Withonur
hesitarion, peat ‘your left chuneh on che eoim amd
cucn che left-hand palm dhcvars, booing: che cote
againse the Fingers. Push it co che fingencies anna
openty drop it ince the Chalice, ils side facing
up. Arthe same cime, cranafer the ehell oo right
finger palm, Say, “Well ae ir sith tee accom cope.”

Pick up the newedehe CHOSE eoiah coin wigh
the right hand) and perform ghe sare action,
puccing ie inside whe shell and waving it over the
Chalice. Show che Yellow snicker ae before, ec
tain the shell, and drop che CHOSE coin tne
the Chalice, walls side cap. Sarre, "fuer Ube che frat


avin, rhe Yellow sticier thar you chose éxparns ireclf
qo che coin, fear by waving irearr ree Ghaline. We
cam do ip arith fie third cin ae ell”

Pick ip ee Ler PYOLD ectn anal reper rhe arrkens,
parting 4 fails pide up into che Chakice, Say, “Se nour
tow hae at be fanaa bo eve, daar coe sill!
Baver't found she card. Thar’ beouee, nor ir's.rhew
ro do che Voodoo, chert you do,”

Puc your right hand inso your right pockes,
beaee the oa and remover che i
Make wane you don't remered the ordinary deck,
which you pet into the seme pecker behied the
(fell deck, Give if to your epectapar, and have
ina ware the deck aver he Chalice, concer
traneon his card, and ack ehe Veodoo gods for a
sign. Table the deck to the right alghe Chalice
long end ef che deck paralkel co the Jong
of your performing surface, Say, * Whar sign dal
you ask fer, Sip? One Way? Boor Crosvige? Did yor
ove wenuder how nbe deer know 20 crost right a thet
eH id F ara fe
er ir: Bur! dara tub revi
bros peeling mor init
Leeond Wwe took aes fie ron, te sor tha
the wivker tamicked, Bur in ist place in a ood —
tnar speed dr shar?"

Place viet ight thumb en the ccin bn che chal-
ice, and slide ir up and cor of the cup, beokding
sho ccherdide wilh che Bige ove Fugees Shee
te che spectaver and have hinwsay che word YOU
our foud. Repeat che wend YOOL! very abramasi-
cally and sramd rhe ooin uw inat your righ
side of che long odge of he facing cour
audicnoe, The word YOM is faring outward. Re-
ment che second coir ibercing CHCME, have

CHAPTER FOLRTERN + OWS 4 CARDS

ihe aperture snnounec ig, repeat it deamati-
cally, and. place it io che left of the fies coin
Finally remowe che coin thar save THE, again
saying thae che seicker has vanished bur in its
ple is a word (photo 464i). Mave the spectator
day the woo, repear ic, and place irae ick of
ihe other rao colme Read che message, sxying.
“TOU CHOSE THE A orppeic message. indeed Bur
we snl dente boo te mame of rhe cad, Remember,
though, there ir cre mrore coin oral under he Cealioe
Lav'e rake a Ley."

Pick up the Chalice wigh abe left hand asd pan
it wo the side Pick up the coin under the Chal:
ee ard boll itor the extended ferat and second
fingers of the palma honed, with the rails
vide facing wp. Perform a fale curmecer, that |
call che Mand-te-Fland Tirnooer (based on Don
Morris's Alp Tianorer- from his 1qia book, Cloae-
up Enoounsers}, performed as: fellows Lift oar
right chind Finger slightly, Place vour thumis st
the edge of the coin closear tc the fenet finger
and press the oppesite odge againeg ube ele of
the third finger (photo 495). Tarn abe righe-
hand palm down, at the same ime lifting che

edge hell bor the thembs (pote 496) and fips

aaT

248 RUBINSTEMN QOIM MAGS

Place ie cea

ewer the coin [photo 497),
eceorrapirlir peliaid spear dai
eharwing again whe cails side. that math-
ing happened yes.

Aloe che coin inao left-bund Spellbound

Pe
em, beld by che cips.of che chumband fires ren
PpSerapor or EemMeeneraee
his cand ide pole right Isa rex the coke tn
the left hand, secnecky reaacing it wich your right
themb eo chat che mame of cord is now Facing,
bsg oi brad pnt dager er
mere your righe tot c, revealing
ride kbar.

fib semaines spptscnn, ey aE Yon rere

hawe he card, bur seifll haven’ found
the card. Say, “Remember thar whenever we waved
acelin over the Chalicr, he inisker impanted

beac gb ake rota
the cards Remember, the is presencly set
up so thar if you spread our che cards, che blue
shcker woul rat the upper lefe comer
You doeft wana shar aa you wane Ro reves the
cake: the deck our of che
cospread gar the card,
from lef: co right. Maker mene in gunna (by the Fras
sticker, che red one, new at the upper lef corner,
oy char in lan’s seen. Choe yor pase che scicker,
ortfnie wo prea tho cand Melting Sor tel gel
few stiches ar dhe bactcen left corner eoware che
erent cheer: Woes yes ee ae,
remeve che cand s0 everyone cam see

sock aoe otc Eck Sots Gn ch oe
dramatically to coca! the Bight of Heo.

FINAL THOUGHTS: The use of this gall dock for
this ee mever been bn ms i tere,
Us is means on 2 cal
rive deca. ‘ou can acretaing t incsien Farther
ed

Fh BO

VOODOO REVELATION SOH VERSION
Lused co perform this routine withoor using a
FFE bt appearcl on my Knockout Coim Magic
Bh. le was difheule co perform, so | came up
swith the gatfed version to-clearn up che handling
ver the years, i made ig meen eaaier, 1 alm no-
ia dir alert WFed renatine, aise chia
is che fiver cme | am releasing ris handling. Ie
is mach tighter Cand simpler) chan che original
version that used sleaghi af and cunraina
many chersenes found im the galfed version. tr is
also tical and fa good. aabsrinane for
the galfnd wenden. The prescetariona for boch
werden ane dhe aac.

PREPARATION: In order po perform this effecr,
jpou will meoed several ieee, Fines, you-will nocd a
ts ob os Ring Googe or Open Vcore art
soft") copper English pennies, These are much
darker chan the Elizabevb pennies, anc
ia i eaay no fru, in hin ition. Thates
arenie portand, bur hey should all be ie about
See ee ee Flea
Markers or om E Bay, a ane incapen-
sive, ‘Fou. will har sane achat Vey aude =
don coche cone and marker, you will meed a ser
of" adheakee pound colored stickers. The brand
Usa Baa ce pita cots hn fae BE,
yellcna, 3 , Coat Gb eitipa, one act
Fal pot av ‘You mak ecod enc song er

peng fo
he rae Cs d

ply barn p donb lagy

‘You will need a ermal cup. | us an antigpas Aral

foe Turkish) cup, monally in sees.
They are small, brass.and hook quite old, wtukcls
fie with che heme of thin rourine. ‘You may
need to find chem by doing am Ineerned scarch. |
fourd them om E Bay ander the pogo tives
Auable brass 6 onfice cups ead may, bar you can

a tearch sing ocher words like Ansiggse, Turk-

tah, and tescep Unable to Fee a semilar

Seu En Eh ae a ag om are:
1 goes bi hare

game dine aa ehe colce
8 wicle born, es

eusi over a coin. There arc emalll
i cm wel that would work, The
needs semall cnough thar you can place
acnin in is, har pth pa
gen withoot necking eo tip the cup. However, in
noeda to he disep enough ao ghat the coins aren't
seen. Fealsa nerds ep be able ino cover
acai when placed oneo che cable at pho-
fos 46S, 494 and dpb),

Although now [keep che props in =
wall bo. a all wae wrooden box, found st

pet funeral gs co
Pet in A tee ft oh be
amall eraugh to carry ansund, but Large

eo hole che Tanai sac teal
a your propa.

need rao idensical decks. One ie for

fringe the Bight of Hearcs. This card

of the The ocher is . Inside

Paks Sale sag dare Hears, The

first is thirteen cards from thr cop, and has ghe
blue sticker attached vo its hack ar che
leh: comer, about a half inch olf the whice
der. The seoond Eight of Heares is cighteen cares
from the cap and haa a vee sicker ar the lower
rh come Ts chr othe Ege
ma, paced foe ele
at the lower keftcornes, The last sticker, the
low one, tear che upper CUEEeT, di
from che cop. Place them, fnte che
thar che blue archer is an. ine ug it
ee take che cards our a
ki sgh she Be wl come ap
Sroriereasoriie corner, IF pou comeinue bo
- Hel eliplarempa Femur epic i
will errive ot the sticker
in place at the lower left curser. You won't see
she red and yellow srivkera IP you tale she deck
socal che ts bak Barc terse or cove
when you spread che curds the ped aricher will
aor come up ag che apper belt corner. Df pou
by. ed ead one spread sh
yellow will cvenvaally appear at deg erased

and iF the color

CHAPTER PQQJRTEEM « COINS & CARDS 24g

you ean comes up first or second, Mace a small
doton che front of the bon chet onky you con
sce, 0 tell one deck from che other

‘Wine on thet bead wide of ehe fear coins wich

“CHOSE™. The chind colm says,
*THE®. The fourth coim has che comber a, amd
che ‘of o beast. The lear coin fealled here
the “blank" coim), has nothing written on it.
The five coins are plaond im ihe following or-
der, from. eop bo boetcm: YOU (rails alck: upl,
“blank™ coin heads wide ug), CHOSE (rails sidke
up, THE (word side facing:
(eard naree: facing up Place
felt and par a email silver dor on che bag en
che char feces che beweom of the stack, oo
jpou will know which side will:shorw when you ne-
more che colme. Place chis bog inoo dhe cup, and
the cup ines che bes, Hawe the cobored scrips in
the box. You only need one strip cach time

drisroatine, but pe can bebe soeeral in

beer For aelditaemal pertormances.

Place the deck into right pockes.

Ria deck, Eighe of hein apt nge

tele packes. In my show, f keep che boo of

near enough co meso [cam pick irap amd

ea IF you dome have @

you can have the cup, come and prick-
vem in-your left packer eo bogin.

PERFORMANCE: © foe sce a cared arbelet
‘Vou Krona, | erally clan's anf rics Iris one, i
did. f made a predicrion of « card and asked someone
Fee rset cated Visa, I haf preuticred! Afar:
cer Cand. Sacha! irs Of becouse or che end

‘both gor a. charge our of ir: Bu Pn
phat pl sas boro
Remove the deck of cards. Fone the Eaghr of

Heats, Have che specnaror pur ix back inno the
deck. Squane up ther cards as yoo exy, “f fide rfaas,
a nteaith position.”

Hawe the tumor cur the cards and complene
che eat Hee tie do be again, Tell tim char it
makes him a “out” abowe che orers! Take rhe
cards back, place them back im rhe Ibox, and say,
Sone CHO, fed yma
find pour scare, frat mor me, [ lerrnod my

250 AUGINSTION COIN MAGIC

Place che deck ofcands inte your righe packer, behind the gal deck, Place the boo of peops on che ci
aide of the rable, Say, “This few conmatns tress cha eacer pine oo me frwen ee High, Voodip Priceces sind
a couple of sokes whe cersainly mas.”

psx plkrsbegrige dosent tecnerilrehre saa and wonderous inems. Ricmmve che cup
it isthe chalice of the High Voodoo Prieveem. Place this a dhe coer of the eable. Remove he
rape de ee ae oe bag. Remember thar the bag haa a silver doc on ome side, oo
od Erte also acne as a co ane
pene ee ee ithe: be fehl al place co dispose: of |
wanted ieemn), Hold shem i a td hagerpalen position, wich che YOU coin face down
rib tp othe sc uf he ese wih ple pa ot co ae
muse hc be sis wide) of the coin. Turn your ri down, le op apron inna
prt eit your fnngert at the same time puscing dhe chusab om the oher wicket to the
anda homo theighcoc ob lowe eg the able veo op
pet thw oth ef th brine at he aide cohoe. Because the copper coin
ft is hand. oo wee Che detail slp vipt peyote rapes aprender
noticed. The near coin is the blank coin. Thumb this off ono right palm, and in che same way a0
the first cafn place Ironia the exble en the let of che frucenin (hie crac beac tide dharwing vwice} De
Spar bee Prep oa ir by er prin oy Seon sire te RTP
Seni! baba tntrmey ert hand, curn che befe-hand down, and push che colm
hae anys THE to che fingernige, Table it eo Wek atthe shicdenta Tae lerrnieleebade bette,
pre raat etre nar Prager een aren aad
eoan whieh it heads aide wg. The cup ia in front of the row of coin, at the concer.

paar ; ind copper ceremonial coins. These coins heer deen sed for counrkas sacrifaces; weddings,
prt lemon oie deter

sort rac ortnnek
pref arm |r settpnle pvr aay Phe coter of chr aby, Feller, for she he mi
Sun. Grom, fer nseure, or for phe sandheich ehae dn any refrigerator And
el deer Farce Rot ese Iumeyou epciouc aco fhe pee henodcenucenpignas!

They select one of che stiches, fr etample the yellow sriches. Say, elon, shar aw cxelea cha,
fap pa ii yy te frp hal =

Rarer i Hiss a sett ane ines i we ae Sa of ie thea coin. Dog che ocher scickers inco
the bax, as: chey won't be meeded. a icon thie coun wehich makes ir che header coin, ana! more
ere phan 4 the others.” Pick Shrcecrig wer enpehagley. specie anralt, 20.4

under the enim. the canon epee ns ning nop el oi
the wip of he chumb with che first and sccond Engertips the sticker om the coin and indicate
the other coing with the cme sc toding oMinros tnait chatt w met than che other
chee coins. Say, “Hur ne fully ia magic, see ued! ro teoloer at under che

Pick up che Chalice wich the left hard and move ic over apr ya een
Perlorm che Palm=Down Fingerrip

cokn oof ip res, still showing the cord name face
(Cher fo dted ra eee engre © yon fooin sik tage ip spon poet
to right, crea exenied eli the middle
sg tei faeh showld cower che coim

ed ie Garcia ee aoe
sere ah right es Fags estoy ti acta ba bese whibdraw your left band,
way a on el peor eof elect Aaah

anal ipl: sheen er pens table, deaclemmirey, Bape bores
blanco E pales, sticker sike agairat che fingers. Pick wp the with che left hand
und cover the coin at the eerier oF the cable,

ee

curl che Fngers and wich che thumb: cip ineere
the coin behind she coi in Finger pal.

Wave your hand ower the Chalice in « circular

Paine eu che Chalice with che left hand and re-
euuark char che-coin is mew magical, beat you necd

eo agave it im the Chalice. As you sap a, once
is perfowen he afide-in of the Side
vo pur the *blamk* coin the coin in

fi palm. Bring your right hand oer oo che

pat (Chalice, execuring the dlide-ous phase
of the Stide dove to push THE coin to che
tips of che thumb anid feet fier, amd place ir
Enea the Chalice, cil side facing wp.

Say, “WAE'W de te sedi lor aerial cnne,"

Pick wp che mext (the CHOSE) coin with che
hasd, and perform she same accion, pure
lng it behind he fi med coin and wav-
ing it over the out the “hlank™
coin co show che yellow sticker as before.
i Forhe opin, tnetbirig IF
teer he Chale” =

hand. emaaic char the-coin is now magical, bur
you need oo score ir in the Chalice. As you say

CHAPTER FOURTEEN + CONS & CARDS 2451

cain in finger . Bring hand over
to the top of che Chalice, cxocucing the sfide-
eat phaag af che Side Moor ee pea ibe CHOSE.

coin eo che tiga of be thumb and Grae Fieger,
and place ic ingo che Chalice, cail side facing up.
Say, "We can do ie with che nhirel cain ag well *

er cat sob para So
mow ee a Poecrfal Dd
he cared, hey site now dtr
time enue ‘Vescslony, ohar ror ae”

Pur hand fps packer,
lee" nk* cen, ph a

deck Make sure you don's remove the

deck, which pur ini che same pocker be-

hind che deck. Give ie co your specomtor,
and have him wave preg reel cier is Chalice,
card, ak the Voodoo

Specnaror arewameoc jit,

ca ivontrieokoafi aod one
Pome che coin TH fin aarying.
tc hn anid bin le

a word, Have the beer ay! ele

it, areal te noha left of ihe ouber ree cain,

Rirad dhe mewage, saying, “YO CHOSE THE A

252 RUBINSTERN CORN MAGIC:

Pick up che Chalice wich ehe left hand and
in ba de Fick cos ie evi under the Chad
lanes omrnane tobi and a
1 meupe right hand, shevecieyg

tails side. a ie Fland-te- Heed este
taught in the las roucine arel perioertend a fol-
feos: Lif cour right chied finger allighily, Place

churns at eee ee ese borne
ieee finger ise agalnac
the ssleabe died fogee tn dhe right-hand
ep A ae the same cime lifting che edge

Wil bee he humbs and 1 aur ain
Place it onao the cxcended sonded fn sof the palm-
up Wit hand, showing agale the sath sicher, Ric-
mark thar nothing happened per,

Nase che coin inte két-hand Spellbond posi:
shee, Teg fv ef the chum and first ew
fingers. Tell your specrann oo comcentrane on
his cad. Mass your hand ver the cole in
the felt hun, secretly cucacing it with » your right
thumb ao char che name of card is mw facing

upward. Rabon the fee of che coin and chen
mared your right hand wo the right, ececaling che
name of the card as the Elght of Heares,

After iste applause, sayy ehat you now
have fdlensi TA the eed bce ielll havent found
the cand. Sav, “Rottaeber er henson we mace
a coin over the Chalice, rhe yellowr snicker imparend
pit incr intiil pon maved the conde coer che

Wouldat ie be amazing, and perbapt com a
miracle, if the yetfons srackor hats found! your cara?"

Pree che-coin oie the table. Chraepe the deck
with yer right hand and move the cand case
backward, leting the coir penaby fall back onto
the table, Pick up che eo. open in, and cake ot

the cards. Remember, the deck kx presently sev
up so thar bf you spread our che cards, the blue
sticker would a ar the upper left commer.
You don't warn chat as vou wane 1a ececal
yellow sticker. So. when you rake the cards: oor
of the bow, warn i around. inne apoeadd Gua
the cards from eft oorighr. Meabec sure tas gras boy
the firs wicker, che eed uric, nee ab dhe upper
kG comer, so dhas it diet acer, Chee yank
the sticker, centeinesr cm epread che cards, book

foe the slacker ac the boon left cers
ner toward ahs Beaeoes of che deck. When you
fied che oeker, remove che cand oo everyone
can see che yellow sticker is maw on che back
Ture the card over deamasically mo reveal the
Higher of } hearts.

you 1 caiy, coin changes
whitch is a big improvement ower dhe bard-go-
hand belo ated iv thse original

ori, The ene of che extes deck fie this pou-
tine ie also a esajor imprewemiend, Using this
ssappecsoe-k Rall at Ae hea.
‘You can ie ag bs even Ieee ee
in awhite src] se a moon)
with hier rie pint he ‘This waxy onl
one deck i mocded, However, the color Gehich
ie ram Seen emake it bess likely shar aherre bas

pa aeaiin te pe the
Pte deny ee

TWO COIN MONTE
(Two Cand Reverse Matrix)
OPall che Reverse Marri rourines tnckecled:in
la this bradignnsin inl rege ty bras
nasd inrereaing premise which gives a rede
son for che magk, the begieming hus a loc of
jokes, und fr hooks -very clean and magical. Ir is
an importany ploce of my Magic Castle Show,
and it always pers a great eceponer. Al Schneider
came ep-wiah the orga Manic conorpa, while
Paul Grniner in egy prublittscal the original Re-
pony Mairi. Mark Lefler wan the fiese en grat
inte print a Tes Cond Reverse Mluirix, iv a 19thy
book froen che Mew “York Seemposiue,
Collection Tao This vervios
first acpi ha, Piao Kneckour Coin
video series from 1986. Havwever, chis la che fret
dime | am ou my complete
with a mew handling change ai «
of ibe ioe Wich pel sells abe Firsr pete
aml appearance, Da not confuse thax wich omy
Thece Grin Mewint, Minin clsewhiore ini thie back,

fea Go Lrsleadilnile eh
poninitie ee ra sa we pllayi
for chis descripeion, we will call them —
al Spades, and the Ace of Chuhs), aed a colt ears
face such as a close<upipad. The coins are inyour

right pocker, the cardi ane in your breast pock-
et, and vou are ready to begin.

PERFORMANCE: Say, “Miter yew horn co New
York necennly? fi in crazy cheer! Expocially ebe Times

peered ten en

faeces Seca eh ror
tiekes to. ce whe, amd you gor a copter the OBO

sr rey

CHAPTER FOURTEEN » COINS & CARDS 253.

dite comer gieing our. tinkees no the, 6 evo Be
dag a fe ete hee An eerie: ceoniineg fi cps.

Now cheer wus itis one guy, right afer che bien
they fund, who dressed mp as ate honbere! Porscreally,
Fors grapes wer a Viranks mintaby,
Jak Bur rhe bocborg free bor, are elie fn
bender nar so impered dey Fels comic shat Re gore
the guy at couple dainty fier free. NepertheLes, she
i Soft ect & nt dasa oe the robe, Amd thar
Sibi four che eip of she eebengt

Aral thea yo gee che chearee denier right there. I
mulked ince a a and | snp mincing ara sable four
Alving monbeys from: che show Winked. and ney
weer sizniag with shree camel: from Aladdin: Sitting
anche berwcre aroes Hani, tect tigen, af reo ar
ttlopes from The ddan King. Sa I ealked our, Aly
FPicnd anked! me why I lef Faned, thecauae i's azo
feurhere? And of course, ot Grek frcher age pom por
the grifters, rhe ceae., Thess tier ome guy pining
the Three Shell gavee, and anorker gary as playing
Three Gant More: See no din er uy phrping
Three Cand Mower Hall, Thar’s where you can citer
hove the card on the rable or ge botind
door mumber pier ponbape for my aie
piri nea pe rho hud at a Tike thes,
amd fe had Jour onina, ane imeo cand”

(Rerewe ehe four hslF lela ail place ane at
gach corner of your ¢lese-ug maz. The ool or
he bele comer is ahour pve inches fron
the left bender. This welll Gacilinare a secret adbdi-
tiem Later indhe couriee. Remove che oxo cards
from your breai pocker. Say, *! ached Aim, whae
hind of game is chix, eshis Three Gant Sonne? he
No, his ise ace gine called, Th Coin
Monte. f sakit ‘Fur you have fom ooins on the eater,”
Ne reptied, Throw, bur ine arc only going reane neo
of them. Cm going to cover thix one ondh Hee Ace of
Spader, and peti one trink phy Ace of Chub,"

Asoo day this bold a card face down in-each
hand, clipped on tbe long edge berween the first
and second finger. The tems ia om the back
of cach card. Show are call our che mame af the
card in the right hard (sav, or of Spadral, asl
begin ve cover che coin at che right upper eoe-
ers As yeu di this, cur che card in the befe-
hand face tread the audience, move wou fies
finger te the fee and tap ie Call caer ibe eae
of this cand, This tia ploy of tralia magician
‘Tony Mlemvevani andl serves to mitsdipect
sexy from che right hand. Dxering chis misdi-
rection you vill sreal the coin oar From under
the card im the right hand by using » steal of
Paul Harris from ‘The ic of Paul Harris, ax
follows: Winder the coreer the anda dow
on be wpe ie he coin with che right
sooond Anyger, The bower cdlge of che coin tiles
ard, Isnert che right wbird finger ener this
loc (phot 49), clapping the cnim berwern abe
second ane third fingers (photo 499). Finish
ang the card anna: ehe mat with the chusaly
aml fri fariger, a the same time curling tbe sec=
cited eral absed fi inward, which givens thee
coinour heen ander the card counder the hand
where it can't be sen (photo B08).

754 RUBINSTEIN CON MAGIC

Alter naming the cared in che left hand, and a
beat wiper stealing our the coin, cower che coin at
abe left apper pant of your maz wich che card in
ahe left hand. Aa abe same cimse, move the right
hand away from the card it placed on the nae,
and scercely bring the coin inc she hand. so
shar it lies im dingcrtipercer position, as follows:
First touch cheles af the enim againet the
feel of vise chums (pasote BOL) onal 1 poh
the face af che ooh inet ihe heel weigh the
second fi efuan Bo, Being vour third frn-
per pla coin co urclip er and fet the enim
rea om the cips of the second and third fingers
Iphate S03).

Say, “Kou ane here bo pune etere pow nhink okie

rrear,”

Puck up the coin at che hawer bele corner with
Che left hosed and perform the Mapa Bosh Shee-
ne Plass {from Kaubnan' Coinmagic), described
a follows: Hokd ir ar che base of the left fin:

rs af che palerewp left hand. ‘Turn your left=

amd palm panially downward by mewacing at
the wrist, finger palming che coin. Ac the same
time, ture the ri than palny ugrward and fim

nvcxtrndedl under the bef hand. 2 apparent-
Preach the coin Freen the lef (phete 804). The
eit in Ragerip-ree peaition is tet acen dat
1 the cower af che belt hand, Mace our right
thamb on che coin and qr if Fighs -harl
palm diem. Bring ic eer eo che right are rape
ibe cofn ae che keeer right corner with ihe coin
ac the righe Fingertips.

A) ecidl, “They're right cher, obo f spin? He said, “Hou
fraps brea ope 1 prathaeitere He said, ‘30,
bbe sone thar the gener ie played ir phar Pies ges ro
plac showin Gabe sey a cad fae eal
if you thik che cot ba ny an.*

Perform a Betengion Pass, pretending to place
the coin from the right hand inao che belt, re
ning & in your right. Tum your right-hand

palms doen, ier coin in fimgertiperest posinioe.

Open the belt hand po shew the coin thac-was
already in che left hand, then perform. che
Spefifaund “Wales Viriatios (Chapter
Two), lacing the esi fron the Efi ince che
right hand, as the cdin from che right hand is
secretly loaded inte the left harul. Briefly, hold
the coin at the fingertips of che palmeugy left
hand, becween che tips of dhe thumbs, firs and
second fingers. Tum your right-hand pale ug,

and ake left-hand pales downs, and over che coin
on the: Fingereips of che excerded right fi

Touch the middle phalange of che right first
finger with che free edge of the coin in the belt
hand. Wichdraw the ie thumb, snapping the
lei-hand coin agains the right fingers, Ae the
same kime, procs the face af the coin as the right
pa Fy
the belt hand aig tse ecin on ibe left Hngers
wah che left shimmy, Ag the same time, pracy the
edge of the coin |e che right hand with the right
tbvambs, Separace che hends, che righr hand hald-
ing the coin thar was just inthe lef hand, she
ke hand hokding che coin thar wae juse im ther
righ hand. nar the left-hand palm alown amd
place che eoin into finger palm.

Conimue saying, *.a° (poe dink ple cada di cee

der thy yard. Simple gure, edeipie rules,”

Asyousay chis, pick up the cond aa che upper bedr
conner ta show che coin. As vou replace che card,
secretly press the fi epadmeat col againet the
fice of che com wih ake fingers, (phota 505)
dacing it once the cable an that che opin is just
hoe the pasirian of she coin ab : there dphe-
te S06), Nore thar che onin ie pl, boli, ard
eo the right-of ghe cain. on che mat

Say, “So der anak he free coin, planed an ince his
Aawed!, anal aniked! eer tohere fahoangie ir mas for on
dodiaa” J pur een bucks dean ov bse nile aval satel.
‘"Te’s da jpou hard. ""

Perform a Retention Pas from your right imps
‘your left hand. Finih-with the coon bn eighe hand
Fingertip rest. Open pour lefi-hanl palm tenon
the si ae i shir there i ne coin, and carn,
“He aad, Wo, ng. na, ay ny you werent marching,
aitef! # omack or aemcfer the pare! * Ariel f fone pert dillers,”

init the inde of the Fingeet af

CHAPTER FOURTEEN * COINS & CARDS 255

1i6 che card with your Iefe hand and place it in
your right hand, ower the coin, Show thar chen
ane mew cw opts iefler the card. ue oo ihe
lined wight alter the Chanpewver Palen, this
fe quite a surprise. Take back the cord {and ihe
soir anderneach) with che eft hand, and cover
the rao coins, beading the chird coin under the
card, co che left of the previouly boaded coin
(ptvoto BOT) Say, *Paaid | manned eo plry again” He
aid, une, and he rook che second oot and placed it
inno his feed, Hie avhed wer, For oon dollar, ahr
do you nhink it in?"

Ag wou sy this, pick up dheeoie ar the krwer
right cores and perform a Refendion Pass ino
your left hand, teraanieg br in wor right, in Fin
peitip res. Say, Vl placed wacker een bucks eine
whe rable and said, Ys'rin your han"

Open pour leh-hand pales reward the aedienee
amel ocmack chat he said “Wo, roy in, ra nin,
you wines marching J rack dr under the card, anf

agiin, i kre aeother een dolla *

Pick up che cand with your ket harul, dhereing
the appearance of the thied coun under the card

356 RUBINSTEIN Coon MAGH


CHAPTER FOURTEEN = CONES A CARDS 257

Hold the card wich the chumb on eop, clipping
the long edge berwcen whe First amd pany
Ac the sane ciene, transfer che coin in the
nie hand from fingertip rest co acmi back-
fn (fret taughe in this book in she sockiomt an
Marringh, 23 fe : Coragp aber ed the cuin
berger the vides af che First end. toarih finger
Use the apa of che second and abind Kgs
nedaid the edge ef che chnest to che of
the fingers upward, uneil che Bee of tbe oni lies
ae the nails oft fingers. You.cxn wee the
b iPneeded as un aid. With the right-hand
pales down, chis is tbe semi back-palm position,
wich che opposire face of ube coin parallel amd
over the gop of che close-up mar ber phopos
226,227, anal 228)

1 said chat | waned go play again. He replied,
“el! the problem ds, pow hersy oe amare vir ene,
fea Ghd fed perineal Ler coda ..*

Both hand now eave ac che same time. Replace
the card in the left hand over the ceins, stealing
our ibe coin om che felt side via che Paull Har-
ris srcal used earlier im the rourine (peso SOS),
‘The coin wind up in belechand fegertip neat, Aa
the ree te with oe stan ae oe

ition, bring vast right hand upac the wight
abe ofthe ane the upper right ant [photo
BOS) Cinay the enbn Fem seri rida ag oene
the chose-ug pail and food in under dhe cand at
foros: Mace vue right thumb an the cencer
tthe back of the card and peall ic ono che side
of the curled right ferse finger (phate S20) [Push
the ooin coche left with tbe fourth finger and lif
the card wiah abe chumb and. first horper (photo
S44), Flip the cand over by ara scoond
finger on che back of the card and releasing the
thomb, bie tern ihe card over and: clips che
cand bowen dhe Fest anal wecorsd fingers Mace

the ikamb om the for (pees 522). anal bring

the fizse Giger icdoreaib ihe card, a chat the
aap is now Bell Face sip wins the chuck an bey,
Gngers belinw. (photo 613).

Tranafte the coin trom Wit fingertip reat co f=
ez paler oie gia left Boat Tiger on the
ete ai coin at the ign
Stick the left beste tales tie coke the coin
et the coin up onpo a
and, Pretend go ahemp chis inte ghee left bated
bus hold it back with che wight akeanil (pede
S25) Thin iv cxcncially Gaertner 3
Mose firwen his egy Beenie Mierie iio
hy

Milawks uted ip aca vari im his cin asersh
frees 97g. peblished i Tops

Tabte the card dand coin anderneach) at the
ne upper comer, king edge parallel coche side
ata eup paul, Ac che same time, nam the
ieft-hand palm up. bokding she coin im position
va pecenrm the RCLPS, mone,

‘Continue bo tay, ©..20 yf pe sume fut platy apa,
JeaTT habe so play ove rhe eevty~dutr go”

258 RUBINSTEIN COON MAGIC

Pechorm the ARPS, moe 2s you sary ghis, etcal
ing the coin ince che eight hand ws you chose rhe
hand ineo a fe Say, “Tsai wor oevly oil |
(Play again, beet ave gotg ao ber book en 0 the hunt
AND} on the cord, chinking Pf euld be clever.”

Groep the right hand co the lower right corner of
jour chose-tap pad right after the socal, tramsficr-
‘eg uber coin tn seat Rac palir

Say, “The mite operted bir hued! ee ahosr nbar dp ony
empry. Well, yoo dove Aere (show your banal no be
empcy), Baur pour alas fear here because nhere is only

ene coin Here (show chor there is only ene coin
amider the card, as described in the mext pars-

gzaphi."

Thit nexr soparnor needs po be dome wich mplic
second np. Gragg the cand at che upper belt
curiier yan left thom on top, lest are
separ fingertips endemesih Keeping your
hand clo eo the pad and in ome ypsick sweep
ing motion, clip the lower cobn agarnst the card
with che fingerelgs and move your hand and ihe
card no the right, revealing onby one cole ender

che card éphete S06)

A bear after the reveal, ax pou aay, *.., Tou ane, the
aver seraaally eye left hate peninions in the fine
ii," yw ate poeng bo dhe hae all che qin
hae demurred bo cher original poudtbona fmime-
ihiacely bring your fund back to the bower left
your close-up pad, dropping rhe eats
pad from al ae cand. Ac che same
time, release che coin once the pad from semi
back-palm as the lower right corner of weer
low-up pad, and bring your right hand ap 1
the card in che upper right commer (photo S47).
Lat inepeie show ane ogin, Mowe bach hands to
the center oF pur pal Put she garde together
am! deop thee fee up onta che ecmter oF the
pod po tenish (photo 618) Emad che reatine by
saying, “Sot paid him che noenry colleen, setlbeal
ame, dried f newer. sore Air amgai”

FOMAL TIKQUGHTS: An far as | krsww, this is che
only pacer fora Reveree Mannie char celle a eno

my The appearence of cach coin onder ghe card
afer they-vanich is a surprise, and che reveal of
thee bret rcturvifng. co chckr rigid post clone i
a peal shocker,

QUADRA COIN REVERSE MATRIX

Affer Paul Germner in 1959 nook Al Schncider'’s
Alarrie and added a sewers cecding, heer have
been many Reverse Marrix oourines pur ince
Pring, Some uted paifed coin, come wield exe
coin, some used four coins umd fur cands; and
sone used onky reo cards, Hany Levine was be
fire poses to publish a Reverse Macrix wich
four differen coins, back fin 1949 in the Michael
Amomar basel, Encore U0, The ccrsion described
aod inmny mytts Magic Canile Nopes,
the preamestion, Originally done
with a pony, nickel, ding, quanicr, acd fq
basiiness cards ax with the Levine naating, if is


described ara performed with langer coins, ber
a bigper audience, Because af the ene of four
differance ous, chis vervios baa am inceteetin,
precenation. |e ie perfonmed under whe gaice of
performing an Cbservatkon Test.

PREPARATION: For chis neurine you will mood
rine greash use a shiny siboer Kermedy hall

ran okd King Goong: or Cuncn Wir poria
Englich perm {il iy are darker for contrast) a
hallabelarcited Chincac coin, andl any acher
feek coin dhae wonerades go the oie dhres, |
beach kts roucies wlth a halllollar-steed golil
casino poker as ihe fob coin, bes you can use
ANT coin, even aaputer To san, place tem
intow coin purse. You will also need fur playing:
cards and a elt warfare om which to perform,
wachas acl pak. Place the purse inno your
pocket, che cands ince your breast pocket, and
you are paddy na begin,

PERFORMANCE: Say, “Lau rime | did a erie,
seminone came ee ro mee and asked me sede i again,
iptohase they bern saunching berry connefilly. Ane!
[ sai aw sok Sell if ahey waren susokdny very
Perl 7 rch meena ths Fim mon deeng a perp
peed fob. ara magician beomes meyer fuse mot pune
Tic caoegh ariemion Sx I d-cidal che ued dee
fp dhaepentt pak smh tapes
hey are munching. Bar fre yo oxday, | 2 going no
pyre Se i am ig pare
a magical’ fon core, because int magic, shines
art afar actbey ape, Now I feret ie my pocket
4 pine, in lich inede are four (NFFERENT ovine
Te Aatne ere ot Buti dollar, art Exglish pevinyy ot Gohi-
fiese Ooi, onda oben”

Take our the puree, remove the coans amd cable
the purse, Arrange che cols om che pad ax fod-
lows: The half dollar at che righe upper corner,

CHAPTER FOURTEEN « COIS & CARDS 250

the penn at the right krwer canner, the Chino
coin at the left fewer ceaner, and che coken at
the lef upper cemner,

Surv, “Nour yu con see chet, a0 por bese emaaly
where hep are. Bor if ae ure co cover them wh
aay, four playing cards, becouse of cur ase powers

sation, wr show anil be abie eo.sny untere
opine uee coon if we aan’ ser pec.”

poncoaichay Sor gears pee then fics oie is
woser righe fear! nut bo T icde sa chat
Te eeanendtis ie saa ofthe nie ha
loedioal margin of the top card, aes abe fier
Lips are preseing against che Feo of che boston
card (phote 619}

Bay, “So Uf Damper che half dodkr with a playing
cand, coor chough we can't see ir, we should
ehae ire rhene™

You ate mom poling de preter! co conver the half
dollar, accually perlornaing the Peal Harris secal
from The Magie of Paud Havin (iced frie taughe
in the fouelee, Tie Cand Reserse Merriv), 10 secal
four with the right band as follows: Mowe both
hands oo the half dollar, so char he cands-conv=
erit from view. Take the top card with ake feit
hand. ag the same time sliding che right sc.
ond finger over tothe cop edge of che coin amd
presing denn. This causes the lower edge of the
coin eetile upward Enscer che righe chind finger
undlermcanh: the Balf dtr, clipping in herween
the second and hied fiager: phot 520). Mace
the card in che Bele haul grr the apart eonapied
by the half dollar ard move che right hand aeill
holding ihe semaining three cards oo abe right
and down toward whe copper coin. The balf dol
lar is cli between the secon. and chard fin=
gers, hidden underneath che cards. Re sure no
mame che hands hve anal Fluid dhoring: che

200 RUBHHSTEIN COIN MAGIC

action of orvering the cone I you move pos
fer, yoru me be able to see eee hesirarion at
che poine of the clip, which woukl point atcon-
thos to che move.

Say, aon if'aee ower thie Gaglash penny wink a cal,
“event dihcugeh soc cae’ av i, ee hve cha ies whee *

Move both hands no the penoy. Again, cabe che

ard wich abe belt hand and cover che spot
oneupeed iby the pene, Ar the same cime, sreal
the peniye our as you did wich the half dollar,
bor this time clip ir berecen the frig and see-
ood fingers (presen the repondes of abe coin
with che Fires fimper, andl alice che soon Firat
underneath tec! ips ie hetacers the fingers as (eh
phate S20), Mowe your righ Burd po che righe,
with abe ewo clipped <oins hidden undemesth
the two remaining canis, Push the top card a bit
further to ake left oa vou sep the hands, co
help hide the colin. Nove char this clip berweon
the fire andl secomd Fingers Ev Mark's, from bis
svembly published iin che 1975 isa of Th
Even chough boch coins are clipped in che right
hand, they don't teach cach acher because the}
ane separated by abs srcond Finger

With ehe lef hard, iedicane che remaining wo
ooina, Say, “The re coine cum be seen. Bae i J co
er ihe Cheese coin saith ihe cand pou know ir nhere
copes df you cunt soe ir, and (Ff comer the gold roken,
eoee if wow.can'r soe ir you id Ren anton ite”

Take che top card with the kf abamb and fn-
gen, seorcily raking the penny our oF is stipped
positian co lic am al catondnd left second aed
third firgcr (phets 622) Cawer ihe Chinese
coinowith dhe cared, Ag you pier i over the Chie
fe opin wiih ghe Jefe chondh, bewever, carl ie
fingers aml recain che penny in Fingercip rest
(piss B23).

Keep he righe hand close co che pad As you
cower the Chinew: . ramefer the: right: anc-
oad fir from beteven the cord snd cnin, bo
the undeniid: of the ooin iphete BM), pressing
the coin againar the fee of the cand, The com
is now againar the card with the secomd
and third fingers, Push ihe card down wward
ihe pal wath ihe chunvh wo heb focilieme the
eure, Finally, cower che gold coker with ibe
cand én the right hand, leaving the halfdollaron
the pad, below aed jose eo che left of che woken
as You cower ir (photo ABB) Make sume char the

_ SS

eoina don't pouch as you cower the token, Aaverd
coner the gold noken, chisi¢ palm che permy itv
che tele hamid.

Agk-your spectanors if they remember wheee che
coins are. Poin to cach of the four spars exw at
atime, and have your spoctaror mame the coin
that ahead be ar char spot. Say, aand, Biv ax f
said, chin ita magical obucraacion tent, ared dn magic,
ly: ts dhzaips da they ane, Boomoe iff eave
my Randi over dhe coin, ir mary ance thine ober hail
adler Fevers ax jpot, anvieing omer Aare

Make a magical pass over the ew cords,
You ure now going co pick od ii ual
whar [call the No Pick-op Move, 00 dusingaish
it from the Al Schneider Pick-ayp move wipe in
mt Magia ype roatines, Place pour cheml
tips at abe cencer of the botnom edges af the
tins cards acl prcet dawn, which levers up tbe
bap. - bevel ia bel gap the eenber ol ibe
top with the aps of the second fingers
(photo 626). Slowly lever up dhe sop adiges of
tbe cards (irs: che card em che sight oo show
abe vaniah, chen the cord on che left eo show chee
arrival), at the same time moving the thumbs
wp co the nop of the cards (photo 527) Ar the
end of the move che cards should be standing.
wap with the for coward che epecrarors, hell by
the thumb eri sceond finger. The hall dollar
bras traveled aerinsa,

Touse for a second no ahow the revel), then place
jwour righ first finger oncoabe nep of ake cand iin
the right hand. Tern the right-haed palm po che
heft amd abide the fiegers down che cand so chat
the card ie now held in the cencer berween the
thu on che back, and the fire and second fen-
preen the Gee, Turn bork cards Fare down and
ing the lef-hand card te amd under ibe card
in the right band. Point to she sper formally oc
cupried by the half dollar with the left first fen
fee curling in the vaher fieggera aul transferring
the penny te Fingertips es. ste var a.
senoss che pad ao inulicaee she pach mdker by c
halldoflar aed push ita berover wo abe left. This

eTeanes a. or loading the near culm. Say, “hr
seeme ar if she half doiiar magically malted acroas:
the mage to-arriee over here.”

Take she oe the felt han, ae
texp, Iengere ing the ponny agsinet t Co
aie gard) qiulernecath (528). Nace whe carl
ewer dhe gold goin and ibe half dollar, loading:

CHAPTER FOURTEEN © COINS & CARDS 2ea


262 AUEINSTEIN CON MAGH

the penny eee righe of the hal dollar (623).
Male sure tha she coins done bir againse cach
other a3. vou cover the spor wie can if
o prevent bse coins From couching,
z ally cover the half dollar. Then: place
oywnarr be fi eo the cxposed edge of the half
iloliar, the aaah on the ather wide of che cand,
aul put she card evexpleach: coor aber hall dhal-
lar teaking tape hae ihe others chore provnade
firma che eapeprsice side (pedo S20) Mace the
remaining card back at che right veer enrnier,
covering the spot formally occupied bry ale half
dolls Say, thor ws the fircr cole, the silver cote,
er har wer over here?”

Poior co the lower right position formally occu
pied by the peemy wih the tighe firet Finger, He
‘will say that it’s che peneay, Mabe a rnagical wave
ener the lower right aml apper left cards, ahen
here che hands eo he empey (because vou eenb
Lift che card or the hewer right wich che rf
hurd using che Ao Pidkeup mone, no here he
vanish. A bear larer, bift he cond ac che upper
deft with che belt hand using the Nw Packeap Move,
oo peveal thar the penny hat magically arrived.
Aa before, place the card in che lett hand under
ihe card in che righ: hand, bur this time bold
fhoth conde with ghe right chumb are top and all
abe right Fingers, endemeath, Puan oo the lower
Hiab pee formally oeoapied by the pemey with
the left second finger. Mave it disgoralbe along
the mar making walking moans with the lirse
and secend fingers to anrive ae abe three coins ae
the apper Te » Ma GT make or magical mane,
ft may sone ae if che peneny deowes it’s postion, 1
male alf the way over no erie”

lap che penny with che left second feger co
ciate he onin has arrived, As you aap che
ooin, make were vhac these isa half inch space
berwcen abe cys coin hand che lewer own
Chall dollor o nev. nor, you ean eoPeeE
that ae ye fap p84 penne. Vira are nema ie poei-
tion oo pericem a dowhle seal.

Bring che right hand over ao the coins, push-
iy i top cand en the bef with che seeub aed
ui he upper of che canda downward
‘lightly Turn the ieG-hand palm no she right pa
receive the rop card and rest the side of the ace-
ond fingertip agains dhe face of che half dodlar.
Insere the cap card iinoo the belt hand between
the first and second fingers wncil che belt eilge of
the card roaches ube maddle join of he accord
finger. Place ube left chomb and fire finger om
fiypoF the carel (phate 534)

Under cower oF dhe cards, move the belt second
Finger te the upper edge of the half dollar and
pecs down, which krvers ap the boron edge,
Arche same time drop: the right first finger to
the space betecen the gold coin amd the peter.
Drop che right second hnger to the bower edge
oe lp he cornet’ Weird up
the upper 2h Ac this point ren
pre te clipging actin will ee ‘Turn
the feltchand palm down eo place the can orn
the pad, executing the Paul Harris seal in che
process (clipping che coin berwern she elt we
ond anal third Loge which curl inward as che
card is preeerd ome che poxl, as in pie BS).
Aa the ame time move the right hand dingo
jeg the pen by foacing the righe hirer
unidgrncath dhe bop eh of the penny as 1
hand mowes away eh 4) slipping ee ct
histsely leetweren the fret anal cerned, dala
Marhol, Finish by placing the cand in i tighe
hand at che kwer right corner, leaving che pene
ny secocely underneath. Say, “Thar con acim, ce
snore one Iefr eo go.”

Paint to the lower Bele cxrnce wetehe he left fer
finger, asking whbch enka is over there. Your
spootanor dhould say char it is che Chinese ewir
Dearing. this 8, ransher the Colm te Finger
tip rest by fore prowing the upper edge ol the
inf dollar against the heel of the churah (photo
B35) Wichdexw the chind finges and press the
face of the coin againor the heel of che thom
with dhe second ines iphean ‘Ga6) ring the
third Finger over eo che secur, amd eave the
ovis oe che Gripeecips, in hingerriperess position

Say, “VL alvene didnt remgeeber mnpielf Dene ie. ts the
Can ovis”

CHAPTOA FOURTEEN « COINS & CARDS 20%

264 AygINe TION COIN MAGEG

LG the card at the lower left corner by pushing
ahe caval wna the Lefi fieve Finger wiahthe shumb,
exzenading ibe left fengers Cand! che coin} oo the
ighe ad exit che cand (photo S37), Trarafer
the card and coin wndercach oo che right han,
Epa Di ita ear al
che ene fi thural oe top, Tern
your weit entre pushing ehe cal bo
the ips of your ahuemb and fest finger Ag ibe
same time-cedl che coed and (pha
66 538), clavic palming che coin, hare exer
your sceetd finger againer the back of the card,
pivosing ir Geeup. Finish by parcing your thumb
oe the Gace af dhe cand ant che firer Finger on abe
back so ghar all ike fingers are new on che back
of the cand, During shis acricm, cavgally cum aver
the (Chinese coin with the belt hand

Perform Marlo’s Scoop Hierith, fireen hie rgp§ sa
sembly iin Tops, as Follows: Place your left few
Finger am the elt edge of the Chinese coin and
soogp che coin up ong the fice od abe card (as
in photo 624), Pretend po dueap tt ince che heft
band bur rciain it by ploching ic against the
ead wich whe tight abuses (ox wou in pho-
bo B16). Nore char chée ie aliphely difference chan
the way Nlarke abescribes i He drops the colin
down che card impo the waiting hi then pulls
br back up with the thumb. This variagion isa
bit more efficiern. Place chis card fand Chinese
eoin underneath) back at the bower left corner
of cour pad, emg od ge af the card parallel no thee
side of the pod Say, “Bur iff rake-thia cote au recs
fe ance retain iy, Medppedirinng aN...

Make crumdlieg: motives with the felt hare,
then open it te shoe bar che Chinese coin has
vanaihed. “The expectariow ls chac ir-willl appear
at the upper left comer, along with the ocher
oodns. Lift che cant ar che appr belt commer with

the belt: hand wing the No Pipk-ap Ake, sherw-
ing aly more coin = tbe other howe van-

ighed! I half dollar eo Fingertip reat amd
immediately place che ¢and iene the right awed
andl.orer che halPidedlar, Pauec fara apconed in
aurprise, curnowver the gold cain with che felt
Fingers, anal aay, “There i cet one aire here. OW,
chars because: manic ingly am Mlbssive. Avil since d's
an Hitos, mocking ener Because we fae
our here che. ebllar hee ke pong and here the
Chinese cot, they faroe been all afore *

Perform my Gant Leer Load. froma my pty
book, Intermediate and Aukvanced Cain Tech-
nique, as follows: Ienert the bef bender of tbe
carl under abe saght borer of ahi cae sieusd-
oul oy the Upper right corner ef your pad (photo.
699). Release che half dollar onto the padi, ane
immedisiely ever over the cand with whe card
in che sight band (photo Bb), co reveal che half
Jolla, Bring your right bund vo che card a the
Laveen night comer ard Joven it weer in the same
way to the pene. Tramefior she card na ther
belt hand, chen stick irs side wruler che belt odge
of the card at che bower left commer and lever it
dvoor oo newcal che Chines: enim. Tarn the cond im
she belt bask face uy rb ie donttss be geaad gat
the right af the gold goin eo nish,

ULTRA REVERSE MATRIX

OW the thier Reverse Maeriz rating in chi
beep, chia teas ahe cleanese hari irnge. 1 devel.
oped in alter creating the Qhania Coe Reverse
Aluoix, ce eliminate some of the moves to the
roaring. This wie originally going co be included
tn the Tasmnera New Stars of Magie series, back
in abe fee's. Wie wroce upthe msstine and shor
the phoces, bur at ibe last minute che wence of
Tannens, Tony Spina, decided net na fechuke

‘CHAPTER FOURTEEN» COINS A CARDS 285

it because there was no ginemick oo sei alueg
wath the coutine, This remtine lacks a solid pee-
sentation. | eually perfoens it aving pares ol!
secing 2 magician perform a Macrix ata oy
coneontion andl oy oo pepean dhe moves. At
end, bewever, | screw wp ane ube colne all re-
nam co their original posirions. | will eave it co
the reader eo-come up with something: betrer.

PREPARATION: To perform this reutine you will
need four elucr half dollars, an four vine
andi, The poutine in: devegred qo he pict horned
ona ae surface, wich ay a chose prac,

PERPORMAMGE: Remove che four half dollars
andl place chem one ar a time ar each comer of
your close-up pad. Fiemee che cords amd bok!
them face down in-your right hand. spncad our
meyour eft so dhat your chum juches che con-
ter of che righy hingitudinal margin af the bop
card, and the fingertips are prosemg agate: che
for of the bortam cand, You are now going on
tend oo cover che half dollar, aecusily per

i Tin the Paul Maer weal from The i
se af Frul Harri, co steal ie our with ba lett
hand fopposedl po. dhe hand as performed
in the! on ey ween Srhewrebath
hand co ehe half cdhiodlor, as thor abe cards cow
erie from view, Take the cop card with che loft
hand, thumb ond fire: finger on op, nest of chur
fingers, underneach. Ac the same time secretly
ilske the Tele tecosnd finger over noe tow eo
af the coin and presa chew. This causce che hew-
of che coin co cilt upward, bnsere the lef
hind finger usdereraals the balf dollar, dipping
ft beiween che eccorl andl chind fingers. Hace
the left banal cand ort che pod bry fir rurning
the Ieft-hand: palm down, then pri che
Gingers (ringing che clipped coin into che hand
from under che card). Pushy the card oneo che
pul with the chum and First finger, over che

c ioemnally doeupied by che balf'dollar. Move
led hand a bie co the left ard move che «
hand co che righ, Be sure oe mene the hand
deety and fluidly during che accion: of cower
ing the cobne ff you mow: coo fast, yoru mighe be
te some somo besiragiom ar che pain of
clipe which wok! ping amencion co the moe.

Mier, wher bring boah bande dhoady alown ao
ihe ents at che hewer right comer, During ehis
neces, dranster the clipped coin eo cbiesic palm
Ee ica presting the upper edge of the halt ilod-
lr agains the heel of the chuzb (as wich phot
S46). Wichdraw che chind finger and press the
foe of the coin againar the heel of che chumb
with the second finger (as with photo 56)
Bring the ghind finger orer eo the secon, anid
heave che coin on the fingertips, in fimgertip-res
position. Fmmediately clasic palm che enim,

The cards in your right hand ave apecad oot eo
pour left vo hae yor thumb couches che center
ofthe righ enginediqul margin of the copcarl,
anil che fingertips are presiag against the fice
ofthe beacom card.

You are now going ro pretend po corer the halt
ihollgr ar ibe lower right commer, performing sb
Paul Harris secal oo seal it out wich ¢ a
har as fofleres; Nowe beech hands eo che half
ihellar so thas the cards coerce it fram view. Toke
the eopcard wiaks the left harad, a the anne rire
sliding, ihe tight tomb finger over be ike reg
edge of the etin and preaieg denen. This canes
the lewer edge of dhe cein co cil upewarl. [n=
set the righa chied finger uedernesahs the ball
doflar, clipping ia berecen che second andi chird
fingers. Place che card im che lelt band ower the
spor « ied by the half dollar and mae the
right heal ro the right wich che coin clipped
hencath the cards.

266 RUEINSTEIM COIN MASH

brulicase ibe nest raw coind with he befe fara
finger. As rou are showing. the pais remainiisg
seobre, meet PUREE Fight hanul oe aie fee a secs
om. Using, the-pad oo help. withdiwe the soc

ond finger, pressing the Face of che ooim agains
the antvith the bind finger: Bring the second
fonger over ro che chind and leave the coimon the
right oa hidilon bey che cards fat with

ing dhe right hen close te ehe paul, beri

dau herds daca ecén at ehe lower lefi pied
inet, Under abe cower ed tbe cords lower che righe
fourth finger a bit and place i behind the con
(phon 644). Take the upper cand wich che palin

down left hand, chumb on pop, firer fi une
demeah, and cover che spor envied te the
coin, At che same time, drag che com from ine
howeer-left posicien up oo the epper belt commer
inet the second and third Engers aided with

the sight hearth finger foe behind (phate 542),
arul [eave it below ibe code at the eprper belt eor-
eer, Whia Under Fi Trangler ia exsensially a

‘Rees Bereram move bros bis ryt Coin, Assembly,
published in che Stars of Magic. Tenn the right=
hand pales down, oerling is the fingers (aith
the cols srl hidden In fiegertip reat, Push che
cand over boch che original and jae loaded coin
with whe right chumb, Mowe che righr hand no
the right, camsferring che coin from fingertip
rear to classic: palm

be situztien be ow hag ehere ate bas caine. at
the upper belt caer urtler che cond, and a eos
clisic palmed in cach hand. Make a magical
wave over the ooo cards ar the upper comers.
Lift che cand ac che apper right aed chen a bear

later thse card ae the u heli weitls chic Ae Pick

y oi aa follows: Place ver abumbs tp at
center of the bereces edges cal the raw ears
amd press down, which bevers wp che top ane
Immediately grasp the cenaer of the pep edges
wait the tips bf the scoond fh iphoto S20)
Showly bever che sath Gf de cari pean
{fire the tard bebe right chow che vanish,
aben che card on the heft 1 abe the arrivall, ar
the sare time mening the dhembs up eo the 0
Qphedoa 527). Ac che ond af che mover che cards
ibewak| be earl up Qeer terecand the spocta-
doe, eld ber ibe chee eed cecil Finger. Show
thar the half dellar has traveled across.

Pause for a second oo show the reveal, chery place
your right First Anger once che cop of che card
in che right hand. Turn the righa-hand paim co
the felt and slide che fingers down the cand se
that the card tt egw held in the onincr berweon
the aivamb on the back, snl the fest amd gec-
ded fegers on the face. Baing che carb in the bolt
hand tu ame untaher the card im ahe right hace
and hold chem both, Gee down wich the right
hand Point co the spor formally cecupied by
the half doller with bis belt finan finger, curling
fn be ocher fingers and cracfenring the coin oo
fingertigy nce. Mowe che firs finger across che
talindicare she pach caken by che half dollar
and gush rhecoim you [use a bit eer
the left. This creates a space for haaling the mext
coin, Aye ape iusges teed ach of ghe coin,
drop he soit From right-hand claisic-palm ta
fingertip rca, where in be bihben unwler the ewer
cand fay, “Tr seein da ifthe half doftar mbgically
inilleel dere phe aaage as aie ener here”

Beah coiled in fingertip cesr ane mea! goleg no
be foadied back an che upper left and upper
right comers. Take che nop card wich the kek

hand, ibomb on rp. Angers (hoodie ie il
— the Bice of the eardl uesdemearh.
pd ger the ews ooind cet ea hn isang
this coin po the rij ratio char you
fuse pecilsed rev ele (as rou an phota a0).
Make cure wbur the cedne ‘dow't hr againer exh
other at you cower the spoc with he cand. Ti
preven tbe coins from powching, only partially
ce the nlf la ode 0 Leap aplenty
onal on theexpasel
sein te on che other
al dhe cand Push the cand completely over
thc balfdetan eng nas te the orhers don’t
protnade from she oppemine sidle das you did in
Photo B20). At dhe aame eisse, place the remalne
ing eand back ae che right upper comer, reloadi-
ing the coén from fingeerip rex once the pod.

herlapragealng sey pit naw a pn
ul ard et 8 le ff TTT,
i orton ral at che Keer
net, Maker a magical ware omer the upper bef
and lower right comers. and dharw eur hands
to be cmipay beeinaue: vote ean). lift the card ae
the lower right wigh the righe hurd sing ee An
Piadi-up mone, so show chat the eubn has vanished.
A bear later, lilt the card ar the upper belt wich
the left hand using the No Phibenp Afove, to re
weal chuw it has: magically anrived no joan the cake
er rao coins. As before, place ther card in ther belt
hand under the cand in che right hana, bug chia:
tesp all che right-Fingers ir
tothe lower righe spot firrmally eccugied by the
eoin-weith the left accord finger, Move te ding:
orally tone Se pad mating yaks. eelcey
with abe fire amd accoed fi eo arrive at the:
three coina-at the upper . Say, mabe

wane, che code vanishes from here, an walk

al! che way ever ro heve."
Tap the coin ar che lower right spor with ther Lele
second finger i indicare che coi has arrived

Aa you tap the osin, make sure thar there ma

inchs boiween she gop enim aml che lower
EF not, you can eneneet thar as you cap the

coin, You are now in penition to pertoren. che

double ereal thar was juse caughs im Qhanine Colm

Repose Atrix.

Hatefly, bring: the hand reer com tbe coins,

pushing che top card ro the belt with cho sbssrnby
aod cilting the ropoedge of she cands downward

CHAPTER FOURTEEN = COINS & CARDS 267

lightly. Tarn che left-hand palm. co che

receive the rop cand and meet che side-of the sec-
ond fingertip against che faor of the onin at the
hoewer heli casei beg abe, dara eal ciatte
hard beeen the fing and second fiegers un-
til the Eefe edlpe of the cant pouches the middle
joist of the second Finger. Plage ibe Lele teams
andl fret finger of top of the conk

ies sere ee ere the ef send
finger te che upper the ooin and press
down, levering a ie eatin He the ate
bime dropeabe right Fire fi
ro eran so oa ne
right a A right seers toe
leveriing ep the ups cilge, Aa shay poing roa
Simultaneeess clipping aceiome will oveur. Turn
the left-hand palm down ex he card een
the pad, corcusing che Paul Hunts sceal in the
process (clippt coin benween the belt sec-
cd ace ge Saag Spear ahh nad the
ehaierafa Ih. Ast the same time
right hand diagonally back coward che
lower right corner, seal ge oes peg
abe right fret Giger pprvcgm dey
the coin as ube hare! moves sean, cligpi
ag Paget port
Marka, First ing ty
Tac siputbonelae Par td oil dv
he ents secretly uadenesth. Say, “Thae's rm
coins, ome more cole beer rege”

Point co che card atthe borrom left corner with
abe left firar finger. Dhoring this process, cramifice
abe clipped coin co clase hy firnt proess-
ing the odpe of she half alolise againat che
pet af the thumb. Withdewe che ihind fngrt
ihe Face of the opin agains the heel of

ord wank with che secded Giger faa winh pho
jostag und Sel: Bring dh chad ieee eer ce

ihewrend, asd lene ihe coer an the Fingemeips,
in ining tee eicon. lemediacely classic
ool,

Make a-wave over che cand ar the lower and wp-

left comers. Bhnop the ovin inabe beh hana tea

tg ap rem, sivting om the cubed Icft fingers.

= the card ar the bworr loft comer wiih che

ie re your Find Fingereip

the severe! gern Be beret ee

perp iets, Sa bg let gers
andes the teqral the cand and qurn she card Lace

268 RUBINSTEIN COIN MUMGIC

doom iphoto B44) Nove che cord apon the pad
about cw inches co factlince and hide che boad,
replacing the card (and coin) conte the paul

Tick ep the cand at che upper left corner with
abs wight thanad easing thir Nov Pick-up Mince, nhs
ing oly otte coin under the care Drop this eand
om the table, show vuur eres empty. atull 4i-
Penal eaeecrutsl y move ihe other cards eo the side,
revealing that che oaher shave cotny: have. zc-
turned co heir caiginal posirions.

THE MENTALIST

Whis is an ineereening reatine becasiie ir is mt.
only a coin routine, bur abo a card and men-
takien effect. brcan give varieqy no any ace, and
aa nooed ac ghe ond, carn alos be used for lager
auadicnor. naa sarap an alee
sweetie, Ve carigei cial omy aery At
Table DD Mownload but mais described 3s
well aa] wemukd have Thked Hi hy ahis de-
setipaion will clear up acy pa sins caneseed bry
abe eat iad chering € he Felinisng al ‘bbe
roaring. [4 ro pti that Coady: Nie ede
ham ako has a routine called Mencages sh
DVD Code Red, where a gredicchon te writen
ona coin However, ic is complenely different
than the routine offered here.

PREPARATION: Tis perform this reatine yoru will
penis ried erty eagle back oll-srybe
ipeari¢e, a marker, and tweieabocles
Vhe decks ane acpi di ane-way docks, (Noor
that pou can ales jie use owe normal decks and
forse a cand, bug see Hey Comment at the ered af’
the reusing at ns why [uel poled decks). Each
deck has eleven: indifherees cad. In back are-yh
idencieal cards. ‘This is mor an eneire deck, bea
you noel a bir of space ie onder oo keep a ool

fin che card Iso snd eae ie our dt at
remave che cards. Ohne deck fas [fn
pecs of coaching chis effec) a bre 2 cand ol the
Eighe of Meares. The 96 idencical foace cards ane
en top of the elecen indiHerenc cards. They are
in the case, There is alt a state quarter with the
raine af an indifferent card (oot che force cand)
written in black Sharpar on the intel af che coin
Gay, the Five of Diamonds, iow just 18
the nunher 4, anal the eleaigrs oe eta
the fice), Whe eatin is tneeread in ake Gene of
the bow ogabner che tndiffercna cards, wigh the
calle side ehowring che stare design) ageinae che
cards, and the face af che cain with che some of
the cand watimen on it apainer che frone et the
card bax. Mace thit bor inno your righr packer.

‘The other deck in alse a Force deck done in the
tjarte way, with a dilferent hone card. Again,
toe the ypurpence of braching Men's day char i
foree od ts the Five of Dsennnids: There are
abirre-tix of chem, followed by eleven indilfer-
ene cardi, oll tes he case wich the fatee cards En
abe bark. This deck bas an wkloyle eagle hack
quorcer In che boa, with w cond ‘eviteen an che
ails she fay, the Eighe of Hleares, weieen with
the namber 6, and dctigm of a hearrh. The eon
atin the box wich she cathe side dwinh the nome
of the cand) apsiewe the baw, che faor of ther coin
agalins the cards, Thit dock as inyoar Ie pock-
ef, along with the Sharpic, Nee rhat in

case the prodiction is aaiteen on the side of che
ooindhge oe: have aedate — oi che foe of che
Sake quater, ated on the ewils side of the eagle
back quarnee

fale should be noted thar [pus the nome of
cach force card en the coin im che oppodne deck
Thir bi just so need ne renember just che names
af che nwo cards Lam using, making li a bic-cas-
ior fir mic. However, you can weine the name of
ANY gard em the ooin that is nat the honor cart
inajucstion, In addétion, | chose: paw Force cards
that have a differetia mumiber anil met. The pee
acm Ex for repearing the cffeee, explained ar the
end of chis pouritee.

PERFORMAMOGE: Say, “Somerinws # ger eckral if fern
do memestion, And semerines | thine cea resally aie
haor the pono, Cree, a friend of mine mae going our


vag Wagers rox gamble. J nodal hoi char if be goes 10 pa
papi righ seboraditar ori pee
he ar che Vigarairpor our phate
adriiner ost bit nuitease! Coincisnen, J think now! fur
fam poe tery an experimen anclep *
Jako on borrow a quarcer. Take ir and look ar ir
Bermark chat it ie Chor purposes of reaching we'll
say that it's a srane quarter), one of rhe few stabe
anne. “This one Inoks like it haa (name the
Toes von ibe back) Me, Riasikenore on in. There
fiy watexquariers and you could have given
fa yon ery bur yom gee moe char oo,”

Remove abe Sharpie, give it co abe person who
henr-yoa che quanicr, ana have him puta: identi-
Fring mark on the back (stane design) of the onin
(ef they had an Iecked tec, chy met
pur their mark on the face of che coin See che
end of the courlne for further comments asset
whe chis is ineponranch Take back che onin, noe
the dare, and make a poi again chaz he could
have piven vou ary quarter, bug gave vr then
with the Me, Rushmore desige, and dated (name
the dace). Tarn it over ana aay, “fam godgg to arin
2 pedicios on the ether side, (a's a peralicrion of an
event har is.godng iy occur in thee nica fine meine,”

Hold the coin in Spellbound position and wriee
the name of che foree card associated with che
boo thar contains rhe dhaplicace stare ypeatter ort
the back, Place it draco che cabhe wiih che ah
ign of the spectacor Face up, oo che righe of che
perloeming marlsee Par the Sharper back iro
your pocker, Remove dhe Boece deck from your
righe pocker thar contains che stant quarrer. Ire
this caer the force cand iy che Fight of Heares,
and che stave paaroce im thie pack hax am ince
rect ward fciion of che Five of Diamonds
written: os de Gee of dhe enin. Cha NOT Borget
the foree cand acetate wich ciber deck!

Take che card: our of she deck facedown wigh
the left hand, secretly losing the coin Fall ites
leh finger pale, manse of coin againet the fin
iets Term the deck face wp and aprvad the Firs
ever canks from hand! 1 te shor chan
the cards ape-all dilferene. UF yee dle chis comaally,
the ¢pectapors won't realine thar they only srw
pare of the deck. (rie juae enough po give che imn-
pression thar che dock is mormal. Square up the
cardsand place abe devk fag down. an ihe tabte.

Explain thar vou don’s really newl che full deck,
juseabourhalfof in. Htaveahe specearor cur abst

CHAPTER FOURTEEN * COINS & CARDS 20a

half the cards to the side, Move che beatae hall
(which contains all dhe Gndifferens caeds) po the
dade and ou of play, Have bim make choce dif

ference piles wish che eemaining cards, Note thar
ari all eke leg — = pees
a a, caving thar ic wd al ae tI use,
pao che ober bye plies and place hem on
the anuind part of ibe deck, que of play. Have
him specad che remaining pile on the cable, snd
ouch ome of the cards. Remove the ochers and

them aa well on che side. Do noc narnewer

is curd ver.

Explain that he jet made a random selection in
the fairese way" ble. Before the celck srarved,
kemeier, vu made a lotion. Ie was a pre
diction of che card char he would choose. Say,
“hlos magiclins will reso! the cand fine and ocr

show the predicrion, bur thar in ohcaring, Before took
ig at the éard:pou nally chose, aim poieg op
repeal ro you Tuner,”

Mick ups the mie right haned _—
iten right ex! Inger, fingers pave

toward eee and hina Bane un Tee
tem ao take the ooin oll the Fir and pux
it into right Spellbound position bar perform
what 1call che Kase Setenk eo ewieeh his ootn for
dhe evén hidden in finger palm. Te perform chis
move, curl le left th are secrecy cramifee
he colt im finger pabm cod ip rest, Keon

ihe coin hidden, pur che heft Fingers dand oie
waniler the cxte fingers oF the ph hand
and place: your this on che fice of his coin
pedo S44) Pull back with che left hand, mov-
fing abe ubarmbs aff his col and once eours. At
the same time rete the right fingers upward.
which causes his colm ae secretly lide down the
fingers to the base, Tarn your left-hand palm
din and prage the cain in the right banal be-
mween the fegers- and dbymb, Spellbeend pe

270 RUBINSTEIN COIN M&GIC

ahion (photo 648). Name the prediction you
wrore athe Five of diamonds and press ahe
thumb against che fingers which pops che coin
upward, prediction showing (phote G46) bart
jpour right-harel palin down, fmper palmi
wait ae dhe base af dhe ir sk
cuwarnd, Place ihe prediction coin into belk-
hand Spellbound. posision, showing the name of
the card. Say, “Resember, before neu aed
selecelyat, J made a peodicricn of rhe curd f
jpour would choos, dry cruz char J Ave a one ia
Fag aon pe reund Be F wil cell
done this avi times before oo
plese The faled 83, Jam
feeling preiry good abour my addutoemghe: I
thar cheer phe Prewiof Dia amd chr
coal dar poucken -

Curlche Fingers. andl dings a hue fe pee
coun ir lg his pit esta a the fin

gees Grab the cop edge ef the card on the able
with rhe thamb and tiret Finger, lilt ic op reveal:
ing ice face (che Eight of Hearre), and say, *The
FIVE of DIAMONDS!"

He will say thar ir iste comreet, Lock, anal dle-
jretedl, say, “Uris rw the Five of [Ramada ips rbe
Kighr of Hearra. | didelt expece phar, Hur eunit_Iice
nee a cecnalisr, Mea f magician! fam mor
going oe mess this ep. You chose che Bighe of Heares,
so warch as Paeee my ham, ara che mame off che
coin changer ta.. the EIGHT of HEARTS

As you reeeal the card, move the coin im fin-
gertip rest co dhe cronch of veur thumb (phote
S47), pucting is ico righ ghemb pales You arc
hinw going to periorm my Wane (Chap
ter Four), as follows: Move che ri ¢ hand over
to ae in frone of ehe fel bea pallies down
and fi alighth spread. Piva your hand ae
he Lat i the coin i thumb palm

moves over che coin in feltchond Spellbound
posirion. "Wirhevar one and withour
mowemenct of che righe fi rey drop:
the beft-hamd cotn ieuvite aa ae of the Fingers.
Iromedistely grasp the thumb-palmed coin be-
eween she bi deaiths, fir, and second finger-
tie. Gonrimac eo pivoe your hard ar she wrist
away from. the belt hand, bringing the right
iheeb oue From under the coin. lermeciately
bring your right damb up: eo che bevel of aber
oaher Fingers and reverse che direction of the
right hured, bringing it back aver che coin bo
che fora of abe left hand in a wave. The coin

now shows thar che prediction has changed
po the Eight of Hearte Take che coin wish che
tight hand and cum the cain over to show his
mark and give it back to him a souvenir.

page eonplelle opal pe heey
Magician appa Screws UBL Poe
rifrs. ey ic, Le iy ieperrtaite 13
cembislbet ‘hich deck has the sic ein, ane
which hax the cagh-back quarter, so you pull
aut the sepeopess pe deck unee the specemor
produces 4 agin. You alia need no pay anten=
tion to which ade of your coim Faces outward,
heeaute comedies the coin doen't porn over
the way you need. Uf chis ever happens, during
wn offbear moment nals nose, ancl books at
the coin (rie Peet) 1Fin's mat showing the correct

aide, you.can secrecly varn ipower.

EFyos go from table po table, you can enpeat chi
trick, and eat -wnny har snmtoane ray be fod

lowing you and warching a see iF whe card is

the sane. "That is why | une ewe different look
ing force cards. ‘You can cereainly wee reo decks
swith ideraical foece curds if vou are doing the
routine my ee be itm hiclaoraeati ee
bo em abee cr nyo are tal
sea Goer alc Por che second
ss Salis however, pou neod te avk fir ei
ther a sane quarter, or am cagle back quareecr,
whichever marches your remaining deck.

Phew: done this foe a prep of 100 le
stead of ewo decks comaining di carve
era, wot eam ac on Eriglish pemmy: in one
k, and a half‘dollar in che orber deck. Bri
our peo small glaswes vo start, one filed wiel
half dollars of didferent-dares (all che same eype.
ie all Kenmedy), che cober filled with English
pennies of diffrent dates {all the sanse type, say
Queen Elizabeghl, Whar ie che parposr of giv
ing a choice of reo didkeren: nypes of ooina? I
iggates ther possilidity that aid a
coin. Te it ay think you ave a keane
coin, but it it hand te imagine that you have neo
prepardd coins eo wie. When the coin is chosen,
inaddigion ro pointing aut chat they coal! have
chosen eiher p eoie, emphasize rhar all
the dares are dilferenc.

Remember thar they need to pur their mark on
quamcer in is abe cals sidhe, bor
squanvar it the heade-aithe, ‘The other akdkce of

CHAPTER POWRTEEN = COINS & CARDS 237i

the coin are the same, 9 you can pur your pre-
diction on it without secing any diseerpancy.

Fénally, as stated ot the beginning of the romvine
wane. However, ic is my belief char magicians
‘will know night away thar you foeced a card, andl
these days mous laymen are educated abour card
forcing, Using a puffed deck will have a beter

seat Lytera elie Tier ens sles pes

icilane al wert alder. I arc

Br piece dda Ghee cia bead bur 1 fave use
these madified foree docks for bok magicians
amid Lagereerrh an haree had ab moat waceesn wiih
thee. You wall inane dbar in the routine Voodoo
Rewdaries, | foes a cand, However, in this rea

tine the focus is on the card they seleceed. Ie
Voodso Renelarion, abe specestor curs the ‘cord
inno che deck, amd a bor of magic bu before
the reveal. Thar, in my opinion, cakes she heat
alf the force.

TRIPLE COIN TO CARD

L originally published the first versiom of chin
effect in my 1985 Creative Coin Magic Lecture
Noces Two. It was a good rousing baat nooded a
close-up mar in andor comaak any noise of onion
chinking on the tabi, On ery sory Penguin Live
Lecture One (FVD diewnload | released an up
dated venian, Met only could chis be perforened
on any surface winhowr the neod for a close-ups
amat, it had a fun and popteal presenracion char
mide che poutine much more inceresting The
effecr tg thar a marked coin qavels from your
hand to under a busimess card three chimes, by
using your *§ Mlan® powers Ar suas af the
resuine, you can our card. | peoform
bis wish hall doflars, bar aes nev reason why
incan’s be performed with quarters. aa well, ‘The
effect is described with a spectague. siting =t
pour ble,

PREPARATION: fn order oo perform this sou-
tine, wo will need a sample business card hold
er, a rabber band, ewe identical half dollars, a
sheez of %4 “white adivesive stickers curva fir che
holder, a few bessiness cards, and a black Shamp-
4e. You will alo need a small picoc of wax pa-
pet. The: from the stickers (smooch side}
would jusc fine. The business cards and

shece of stickers ane inside che holder,

272 BUSINES TERN COIN MAIL

Place anadhesive stiches on the sail side of a half
deflar ad draw a laepe “8° on ake sticker (we
will eeles cothis eoie at the *X" coin Cur acire
ele our of the wax paper and glue bt ro che ocher
aide of the “M* coin Ir should be big cmcagh to
cover all bear the lecoers chat go aroand che coin
iphoto 648 shows boch che side with the wan
paper, and che other side of the same oie with
the*X" sticker). [Fyou.are using quarters oe an-
ather stall coi). this, paper won't be needed
Place a rubber bard arenitel che Inusiness cael
holder and vrick whe half dollar under abe muh
ber hhaced to hold is is place, scicker cide opaberer
the holder, Mace che bendness card holder in
your right pocker along with che black Shenpie,
the remaining half dollar inco tbe leh el
and you ane ready oo begin.

PERFORMANCE; Adilnce: your xpectaror, Re-
ame the business card holder From your paxk-
et, end as yeu nomeer the rubber band sencily
retain the half dollar in right-hand finger palm,
wicker side Being cates, Remove your cord
fron: a business cand holder and give ix co the
sspecianor na look at. Say, “Hi foul like 10 show
you wry Puiccetes card. fe shows J ama Vererinanian
denver your awn niet ft ny sg tated
mery pred | named originally ne be a torokypr,
but J soon neatiend thar ie mex Rock-o) science: 5,
I became o Vercinarien and it war all boone of
mem. fo mecan, oie did cocrpthing eo help me,
ekceead are wee filbe a Puke mete sure deri
ateating Chie whe eitenie frit my rewert alee F trues
arwdlying, and ane my Vineririry hows on rie lef,
and: my coder on my righe She became very
and said, “Mike, you por deat phase recihon
anal: beep preaceieing those coin avicks!™ Ahhh, jure
Hitting, bar mindy ake gee rie CHE 5
wt eves book. Ana onighe, P naa lik
podem affect sing a coin, ana! oxy beinces cord™

Take back che card, sliding ic over she fine

repalmed coin im che right hand. ‘The card te
ace up, with che shor side of the cand lacing
wour body. Under che cand, shift the position of
the eoin-se thar it lick on tbe cips of the acc-
ond and third Enigers Te tt beh umelee the dhart

orl of the cant cloacse to yor body with your

thureely on kop. which down ve the cand
Frean shave andl holds ihe ener in place (phot
B40) Remove the half dellar from your left

t. Par books yur curd, writt ake op, andl
the balfdellar, onvo che table ae che same rinse.
‘Whe neice of nie half doflar hiccing ahe tble
mas the sound of che ooin bicting the rable
from ander the card. The hidden halt dollar and
the benom (shore ond) of she cand should be
chow coche lower od_e of che cable. Be sue
thar when vou lift your chemb off the card, che
card docaitic eneme at alle it might give sway
the Gea thar soencthierg ii ttlourath

Remove a cheer of stickers from yéur Iusitiess
card holder and place one saicker om the face
of the bal dollar: Take the Sharpbe oar of your
pocker amd ask the specracer co wrice.am initial
or idevaifying mark or Foom new on chit
coin will be referred to ane signed coin. Turn
the enim ewer, ane srace thas you will dbo the
mame an the caher side, Take one of the aickone
ofPib short and place atom the tails side. Place
the ahece of wickers en cop ol che holier, Pack
ibem ap along wich dhe pul hind anid place
ikem all back inns vour parker,

Nek up che Shanpie amd make a Lange “X", char
munches che one you already hawe on che other
half dollar: Close the Sharpie and pur it back

inco your pocker.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN + GINS & CARDS 373

Say, "A" amarks che spo. Mo, thar by Rew fame ey
mark fe che duociness, Baar seriosely, cis dernier
me rome of the "X™ Men Yea, | am ene of che “A
Aden, as opposed roe *¥" Mem, abo ane mye
whe jure io cand onicke! f mean, Why, man, ty?
Rar am one of dhe “X* Mise, sei miners thats |
have pomrre fir beyond chose of mone mogral men.
esta, J dont nen inte a bee creararr, or prow met
af apikey war of fdisvt'r chee fire, flour
in the air, ache ak eh we es
on are fone Plies whesir. 0 fares char entiapeie aol!
sagt! afiline to ascak ahis cola wader enw cari,
acer bebe fun"

As ‘pou say chis, place your firs: and scocmd fin-
per on top of che cand ower che spot thac onn-
talon the prepa ie eb ca ‘That rales dhe
Oping aPabe card slightly apwanl Sli
ya sigesnd Se: =" shake rn ays gbhae
cand wich vour loft hand, aed under rhe oppoe
ate shart edge of ihe cand (photo BEd.

Say, liso, right! fs cool! (Pause for a scoond]
fur. of cose I'm noe going ce do ir like THAT, Mm
pine cn ne my “00 den powers! Ler ae ghoe peur it
ime demonieanon”

ou arc tw going te avitch che cai 1 bay
thy epectanor fir the “X™ exin by acing the Thee
z ion, ai follows; Place your belt thumb
em the right edge of she ward and ar rhe bevel
eel ghee xi evin, Mace your belt fers and sec
ond fingers em the helt side and nocare che cond
clockwise os thar the boom side of she cord
zwings up ond faces coward the left, exposing,
the “K" coin (phate 88d) ‘The left fiogers keep
the signed coin bidden undermeadh che cand

Phase ONE: The First Vanish
eli the *X" coin with ibe right hand, sicker

sowaed the audieme, acd perform a Rerenclon
heirs ie: sopha ignores gira aa
migha band, “X™ side agains: your righe fingers.
Crumble yoor felr fr then open. che hand
no shew thar che coin has anithed During this
action. socretly flip the coin ever wink the right

ahuendy sao ghat the "X" side ia now Facing ep

Feces your laa thumb against the center ol the
heotren vide of the cand, which levers up the cop
aide a bic Grasp char side with she firs and sew=
end fingertips and lever up abe cond co ai poss
the coin underneath. Pick up the card, a

evecly ranafer it co che right hand, holding ir
ewer the hidden coin with ibe chumb on cop,
fire and second fingone undemcaih, *X* side of
the coin agains: the underside of the card, anil
the short end af the cael closest ter vour body,

Say, “The coin curiae, amd eegppears omer he
cand! Now rhar’s MTV mank__*


ata

ALBINSTION COM MAGIC

Tem che coin over po reweal ake apecragoe’s
mark, Ac the same tins, place the cond (and che
‘coin hickders underneach) once che sable, coking
ware thar the card decent move as you remove
the chumbb iphoto $52). The noise of the epec-
tavor’s coin. hitting the table makes hic soend

al the “X™ coin sccrcely hinting the table at the
wae time. Say, “aed thene's CLR musrk.”

Tienn eo pour audience and criumpgharaly say,
“THANK VOU, THANK TOUS, 2s Hf yoru. were
going 1 eeceive destening applause. Ocdiis are
you will mor.

Say, "T know, ire a gift Bur wait, pow aemed mo up-
preclate ir bur didn’t scot ay ceckontiainic. Se cert
sivough Mev ic ade et thingy neice, i

Phase TWO: The Second Vanish

Mek up ibe signed! eoan with ehe lefr hasd, al
hald ie an wera opens Bele palm, spretacor’s mark
showing, in positon for perormly abe KS
moor, Pectorm che meee, chest felt hard
inco-a fise. The coin firishes hidden ata the right
fund, spectavor’s mark: agains the right finger
tips. Bend in che = finger and place abe
eoin inca chunth palm. Make a wave over abe
Band, Mace iz red i the fiegertips, che mark
omer again. ageinsr abe fin, ad Say. “Will cake
bbe goin, andl onde again oh a Finele asi tt ain
peeidho andl eeappeant under phe peed *

Perkorm che Mo Mk-ep move as infkvaa: Place
your fei ihkamb on che boron (shorth edge
of the card, which lewers up the nop sicke a bis.
Grasp thared se iba rar
fever che cam rd go reveal the coan umder
eeath. Aring your lesa up te the cop edge of
che card, are grasp it with che thambs, firse and
accond fingers [phate 553). Move che card away
from the evin, and casailly ran it over in he
proces: as fadkves: Sbowe your duemby snd fin-
geri deers ia the veeter of che end. Plage wear
socal finger urdencath che card and remove
the thumb, clipping che cand benween the first
aml second fingers. Place your thumb en cop-of
the card. This reverses che cand oo chor the n=
derside ic now ficing up

CHAPTER FOURTEEN + (NS & CARDS 275

You are about to perform a muslificarion of
Geoll Lorgats One Hand Turnenr Seinck, called
the Thenewer She Sein. be has ihe feel of
Gealls sewieek, wath a “Slide Mone eype acrion.
"The si coin is ivi righr-hand Fingercip nese,
* facing ourwand. ‘The *X™ coi. sis on
he cable. Hace your right dhamb ar the edge
of the =X" coim and place your fini: imger un-
derneach the opposize te nt ives up the coin
tphee S54). Slide chie coin with year chum
avorr anal bares nod coir (piste S55) Tum
sanae right-ha a doom and pull back she
husnbs, Aga ea the *X™ cain eu mows ener
the signed ovith ated gown Tiger palm (photo
S56) Dire abe Higned coin ond he cable, res
vealing the spectator’: sicker (photo BET) The
wax paper om che other shhe of the *X™- coin
masks the noise caused by che wo coins rahe
bing aguinst each ocher, although with quarters
the coms are small ahac you dan: mecd
the wax paper eo hide the mode, Bend in che
righa fingers ao thar rhe opin site in Angeetip
reg, wax ade Geing-up

Poing to dhe sticker wih the odpe of she cond
and geansfer the card othe right hand, placing,
brover the hidden coin. lh this process say,
“The coin canbches (Rk 5 move, end reappears
ra ahe gard (hilt che card). There's MY mart,
form the Thinever Side Serinoh and point to
coin with che edge of she card? amd! phere’
YOUR mark (place the cand blank sidke ap erect
the ©" crim bichon in tbe right hard),

Say eriuenphantly, Thee yes, Thank jeu!

Listen wo the applause for a second, and say,
Well, nary. berrer, barf ohiek you can do even ber
ter phan far *

You are now going co do a swinch of ome coin

for aneaher using a card, called che Sonop Swirch

the genesis of the mowe cam be fond in Emgtish
in Greater Magic, under Nobel ame Eaey Coin
Change. The idea af scooping a coin off the table
co porforn a weiech, bead, or vanish, hay been
more reecntly popularized ny Ed Marke (as a
vanadh in agg, amd sal Geriner in ppp lat a
load fewtnch) Whis waristkeen | om dhour pe de
sothe isa ba mone areambined ond eliesinanes
the champ is ender co make che svinck. br alen
eliminazes use of a galfed cand, as described iin
Greater Magic

“Sith the “X* coin under the cand (wax paper
faeing qurward|), bring the felt long side emer oo
the coin qn he exhle, Lise ¢ belt: fiewe Fieger
ia push the ialshedd feigned coin onen che =

side uf the card and grayp ia wiah the right
chum (photo BSH) Lift af che cable abou owe
icles Carasp ale “X* coin badder ander she
cand with che finer and second fingers of the
palmeup left hand, placing your left chun on
the signed colin aa che same time Coo bork hance
now bold.enco che card and coins as in peo

276 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

889). immediately use your right and left hand
upward so that your palms fice rour body anil
che card is ina eal itive. Wibadraw aur
left hand noche lett with che “X* Coin (°X" sade
facing ourware, leaving the signed coin behind:
the card (°X" side agains: rhe card as in photo
S60). fr looks bike you are just scooping up the
cok a te table and a ft -with your te
are, but yeu arc witching the signed coin for
os “7 coir Sm “isd ne arp
dha coun mnigic Pit my carl Bay ir
wdc es pe Se etal: 2 oedlide tht ic nieve
time, furar for pou! OK, fer me mane up flor chin”

Place bok che coin amd the card (wich cokn hid
den underneath) onta che cable (photo 8621. The
noiseof che “X™ coin hiteing: che cable masks thee
Boise of the hiddlers tent col hincieg: at che
same time, Make ware the card doesn't move as
spew penaeer your hard, Hub pour handsan your
shirt a few times, then nal chee pogether, then
fake some sereeching moti Say, CA, chin hut
noehing an ais neve ehe erick, Ji juie anretcking *

Phase THREE: The Final Vanish
Pick wp che coin from ibe rable, and place it
tere kefi-hand Spellbound position, “X7 side
thowing. Perfoens Wilker Gibsosts Spider Grip
Vanish toften arcribured to Markl, There are
many ways co ibs abis, bur my cechniggar uses
elute pales. Basically, sce like rou. pretend 40
grasp che coin with the right hard ae if you are
doing w French Drop. In evalicy, yeu acouallly
take thecosn. Under the cover of tbe right hand,
place sour Teli frie finger under the coin and
press ie bone elacie lis (photo B62) For chose
‘aho Find thit noo difficale, you can: just insert
ihe coin ince thumb palen instead, Close your
right hand around che goin and abe Fieve finger
and withdraw it poube right. ‘The left closes inew
a suspicious fis, as iP irrecained rhe coin (photo
S83). Puant eo the right hand with che left ex-
tended fits tinge. Bring year night hand over
the card, crumble your fingers, then oper it und
make a palm down tossing gestare noward tbe
vat po dhow she colt hia vanished (Re cancful
mot to shee the clasicepalmed coin. Say, Cheer
in rhe cnt rambhes, co res rater he cami.
‘ie ahead and if whe curd ~ ae

As yeusay this, pescure wieh dhe open palen-wp
left hand, so thar ircon be seen. co be empry as
welll


Have the speccacor lt che care_eo rewcal the
coin Say, “Whores MY mank, and if you: mn our
the coin thaws cheer dio phar eer: HOUR amark!™

‘To finish, you can etiber hand out che cand co
your gpeciavor of peel she asickers off che coan
and bia them on che card lefore giving our
ihe card, saying, ‘And hee ica sounmir of an
Aerrodinary @ “AT Thank you!" LAgpleate
for che end of the erick should he the biggeu of
therm alll!)

FINAL THOUGHTS: ‘The mane The Spider bine
iA often called the sii Grip Vanish) was
published by Starke in his ts57 Book, Coining
Magic. In Markers version, the coon starts in
fieger-palm posicion end is placed inv clawic
ale ter bering eaken: cut of che hard. Wale
ter Ciilbecom hae peat inet pe ine a aimilar ope oF
mune that pre-dancs. Mar In Gibusers version,
ealled che Midineiios Deep from abe February
iseae of the Sphins in igag, the cole is taken
frons a Freneh-Dhop position. The baste idea of
the moves ts che same, thar one hand takes the
oie brat there it sa thar she firar howd
sill conceals ic. The hand with che coin opens im
away so ihar at appears oo be empay, and chen
the suspichnis hom opens

Another reference waa fiursd i French by Esl:
ene Lorencema, thar precdaces boch sources. Ie
‘weealeucribed imeceail by Jean Caroly (fean-Aue
pate Faugeras], in nude nur ler pours cane-
mee Goce cx fur le Neomens fu “Ao dea tials
ors* Parks, “Che TAureur", ad {igual

CHAPTER FOURTEEN = COING & CARDS 277

CASE SOLVED

in my book, My Close-Up Collection, Ir
beon'a real worker foe nse over ibe years,
the handling bas remained che same. Whar has
changed is a patees, | realized char same off the
packer regarding che Queen Englard might be
edfensive oo poopie living in the Unieed King-
dam, so] changed the sory wo make it mone
universally acceprable. The cffece ix that a aigrsed
doit and aclavend cand both vandh under come
ing circumutanees. only to Exe found in
sie that hadn’s heen souched since
ihe magician removed the cards. @ like this tick
ner Bee cole i ie bedh a oni ANT com ef:
fect, bue ceo different objects navel to an ine
posible location, ‘This preecatation appeared on
oy act Penguin Live Lecuare Two alownhood.

PREPARATION: ‘You will mead a deck of cards
(fuse Blopele cards) wich a duplicane Jack of
Hearts, wo English peemies, a shore of 75° whine
adhesive stickers, and a black Shampic, You will
also need no proparc the card case, Using 2 re
zor blade or ranor cig knife, cur a slig acrem
the colonel part of she back of your card case,
abour 25 em dewn from the temp of the case, In
a Bbcyelc alee, dhe ali mura ibcreangh the & anal
ihe E. fi should be big cxeagh ao easily insent
abe English porary faonsctimes wou muse keep che
oir bealfaewy ier aber slic no “usin ie” bo siay OpETT
asin pho 6G). Thedeck is in che bow, wiah che
Jack of Hearts om nop, back againet che case's slit
dade, The duglieate Jack of Hearts is placed inte
the case, ins face aginst the foe of the bogeom

card. Place bach wih me the aleck, aral

| originally publidhel thit emurine back ts at
38
and

the arickers ine vour right pocker, che Sharpie
into your left pocker, and vou are ready to begin

378 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

PRESENTATION: Take the case our af your pock-
ct and place ir fee up cote the table te your
right (i f side spate the exile), ineths she oper
ing. of she box Gacing coward che belt. Turn ee
your speceatcer (E toe Use a rear ches oan tlhe
paccer) and ivine hie co become a magician for
the evening. Say, “Esery magician nec a beard:
(fulaetinanr, oo eptrapraee
the mudinner, but | herie romcone special in erind for
ia fe acelebrity. Yow know Stormy fhardls? Well,
I eould'r pet her, Bur, apparently correc ole in
che. fiten featuery dd Me, the cedeberity “Fawn shink-
by about somes cm ae one side of the pom. |
ahinak: eu will Aer, She's jolly, ales a
ake tines here righr in wep pocker. She'r the bind of
On mh wl sta ge ape for peur
choughes becuse o- ish penny!
dlere she is, acy om tig punloce, He's
the Chacon of England”

each inew your right pocket and take out she

pet basting, bt anibo the talble Make mune che
warint be Hace ups, LE ree, jute casual a Le cenee,
showing he face of “he edie. Comtinge, Sind

tole abour sey, ports look ar chose carece! Bore femur
be femers, fife en a coin hae raker irs “roll” cee ber
Oper the yoarr ke’ boom “used”, shee felr *yrena”,
hes been ey i Papal fr Pain tine, and
meer recennly ab’ ee of ‘thay

Bare hae choc fare qe in Nernst ormer, wich
bom ker Sovamning akicatmone” Thar it mk thes
Fetish te sake oko bork, ard bee of all hy
pie ‘free! Bor you dress, omer tine ior har
reed We Seyen® a Me “dtongead ip", hpi
aned! ane nsed! Aer 00 dook poodd for ahe whoa! So, ler’y
ge hee at bie of number! Now take old days, you

1 Arh ir oa. Bar ne, vou can “sniober*

Kirach inca vour pocker, finger palm che excra
pony, and being out the sheet of arickers, Say.
ha ancire potiig te put a Die of ralbrp wiphe ow er
3 BO pu int woe dlc morn teee, or amything ob a
i phar mareer (place a sticker ewer the Cucen's
feor]! Niven, ae nerd no giee ioe a ane, ao Phare
da iny pocker a muréer (pick up the enckers and
place ibe ince your left pocket, nemewing the
Shurpic and giving ie wo your ¢pectanor), # wane
{poe 60 tering ut mame on che sticker, bore at dong rue
wen fir Sx ir maar be a chow mtn, ai

or coon.a design so nhc cam be like the slnsisr forrmity
naw ar Queen”,


Have fim slg the con. While be is diving thas,
vend party aera with your right hare,
kat che finger coin, The exin
dood heads side facing ootwarl IF nae, ee
eneahy turn itower, Take back the Sharpie when
he is fined and pur it back ina year left
chet. Pick ep che coin wish the left hurd and
[eeu the five of che ooin, Say, “This be wenp are
Hei Hie por ever Oey 2 Become
hie Modis (ike a signed nD omer a pice
ofarder ona cole | wed warercolor”

~ everyone the nants i eafivone bp on
fam the Fagcmd igs al yarur
Ee ee as if-your spectaper hnserns
Lr Say, “te
oe has abe han ber bar manned

sike bos

Ture her over and read che dane on the coin.
Say, She mar bor in rptz Will char caplaine she
carmen, He isa produce of fe Sinrice! fo cher maka
hey, feresne tact like-yoa are figuriesg our ber age).
Thar maker hers Gomgar! A nthe prow!
Chchchel. or ba fry Bt, oe coe
dhe ie 1. groaee is the Hur sie probally

ioe Be all Ferginicas ill mabey basiness!
Wie are going no use ber ne elp oot our in: case hale
oriok dave work ~

Duming this last remark, perform a Shustle Mae
(Ease ew Fingercip Shele Fase from Chagner
Twal and pur tbe picemy cone the eable in tse
right, ig ory facing up Reet the lef har an
the ral he goles in fi new, Pick ups hee
rio ith hie ent the right Fingers
along the long edge. a
the selec igs oF hs ese ‘The ing ed thee
hhew faves comand che bee, Geen he fies with
abe eit dhamb (photo 666), ond secreaby roare
abe ket fingecs under che bos, inserting the coin
right bone che ali (photo 6G) (phot 867 shows
abe. view) Tbe open Hap provides coven,
and) the wham: eecwemenc hides che movement
of the belt fingers: Note iba yg, che sides
of the box wich che right thumb and bngees will
Gicilimane che actign of the cote imerreive inte
the dit The onin dees not have te be pushed en
tircly ingo the lit, ao af it decan't go all the way
in wich che intial insergiges, done wary - thar
ean he revrifeed shoeely.

chur at ahe-cenver oF

CHAPTER FOURTEEN + OHS & CARDS 279

Adaoon an the flap is opened and she colm pus
ine the flap, keep your left fingers ander the
exe and the thumb on cop. Mohd the case for a
accord anal adjuce che grip yiah the might hand
40 thas the rhe third, and fourth fin-
now be right shore endl of ther bem.

The firs i paceics on che face of the be,
and the right ihambs grag ihe cenger af the
cilge of the inverted Jack of Hearts right at ihe
fileheuien aie bax Le Fa a Lift ie
so it preascs agains the Gace af the cand case.
Sines the cand was inverted, chore isa naneral
bregk herween dhe Jack anal abe ese of the deck,
naling ie easter 10 only chic cand. As you
pesiion your righ i remove your left hand
and remove che cards from the case. keeping
the underside of the casc always paralbel ike
rable. IF you fail to do this, che coin will slide
deen inco-the bow, making an unwarted nodie

Table ibe vards with the Ie band are begin eo
hoor she Flap. Just 20 pou are shwut po erick he
flap back into the atc, relesee ue righe chiaenl
grip om the Jack of Heares, ao i brino tee:
closing bea, Keeping che Ibox level, able in co
‘ise _ le the cot wasn't pushed all the way
ante icine be pushed irs by che belt fin-
gers ag soon ax che bow is closed. Since che box is
prociically empey (usr the card), this should be
a relatively effortless morn.

EO RUBINSTEIN GOIN MAGoS

Pick op the deck and force the Jack of Hearts
(which Is sitting on nop of che dock). 0 just cur
the Jack to the middie of the dock maintaining
a finger break, and dio a Rille force, bur you
can use year favorite method, Return the card
fe dbc lock and coopral ie eo she cop, Tell your
tage thor simec be is the magichan, a
ing co fied ibe selected card. Run chi
eards from your left to your righe,
aracing the direc ewe cards from che rest =
deck. Ack him co say seep ar any poing, Rargard-
fess of where be stops, drop this card Gor up
onto the table (ar che center of the upper part of
your performing waface] ard ery rium
pli ral aaa teat che (name the fare
up can

The spectapor willl say thas you ane wrong, Be-
fore he tells you war ia ie, sary, "No! well, mucho
you medred! frp ome.”

Tarn ower the card undermeath che sogypnd at
cand and drop i: unevenly amen the firs: ean,
Sav, “Of commer rhe cord pom cheer eet the (name
thax earelh, Xo? Perfurps i ait eanden the CTU:
ER side.”

Tem over the card on che other side and drop
thar once the caber wwo- cords. Say, “le wasn't nhat
one cabal Wet wnorry: ‘This kin of ching al-

Appear tence magicians Sometimes che rea-
wet the rick doc i begun your card i ome
top off the sdook.”

Square un che cards, evtrising o break with
rh comp iting Peekorm a dootle Lift and ask
af char was whe cand. He will cay in bon’. Table
the doubled cand on top of the other three cards
fin a slope fe) and curn over che next cand at
the top a fe deck. adeing him if THAT wax
the card. He will say in ien't. Drop thie on pop
pobor pore lease sable re well, Dn he a
couph: mone times, hem in a shopper
fahion ooto ibe ba! Srvpeing oo the cable. Say,
Wiel! fe arcme you donir Reo inher she coral és, ave!
J getarieely dln, Beng nist Feb anorry. # bre elite might
happen, a I online” she hele of peur aishiranr, whe
Ep gedtig ne final your card”

Table the deck po the right, close oo the

of che cable. Pick up the penmy trom che cable,
and put it taldy-shde up iin left-hand Spellbound
position. Perform my handling of ‘Walter Coih-
son's (miscredined 1 Marah Spider Grip Vanith

(hire sruphicin ibe routine Thigle Coin ee Cond) ae

mpparencly toss the coin ino che deck. Briefly,
your right hand around che coin in a loose
Ee and secrechy press it into classic palm wih
the belt Fire fi (Gloee your hard anand che
coin and emcenoied first fonger and withdraw 1
the right. Clase your left hand inty 3 siipicioet
fot aad point to athe rigke his, Make a dawn
waril ioaiing moeiot with the wight haral, a
thar the coin in clase palen ia hidkden. A beat
later, pesnare: wink: che left-hand palms up. so it
seems that bach hanes are empay. Say, “She has
jour hack, and her me punished imo che deck
nose eich ike righe hand), wind¥eg ep near oo che
card you chear Igescure wich che bein}

Spread dhe cand in a tibbon from righe eo belt
iphote $69), look, spread our iby candi a: be
moe as you book, and say, “Hem, f dow see
dae Thar a ainimge, Colon beoer aphar happened eo
hee Well ge berrer foolk for your ear”

Secretly iirop the coin to night fngernipersa
posicion. Use che left harel te. pick wpa emall
group of cards (eight co.cend from she top of the
spread deck by che shore end furchess from you.
Tien them face upenee the palm-up righr hand
and eer she coin, Spread m beterer your
hands, holding che coin againar their backs, and
ask iFabsie card is im cheat gramps They willl sav is
iene, Mace ahen al ual spread out) a eich
ibe coin, verte che pile of candy om he table. ‘lhe
qeaion for the uneven pile mera becomes clear
= pe-seten the sound of gle coin ac ir is cabled.
‘The uneven cards enake ir eaaker noe po acciden-
ally doop-abe cols onto che cable asx reduces
the: posting of seeing a break berween the
cards de po the coin


‘CHAPTON FOURTEEN + COINS & CARDS tah

Cantines eo tihis-eccion with abe cea of the deck, execpt for the base cand, romarking chat not
ely can's you find che cand, bur che coin seems co have cosnpletely vanaibed! When get te the
las card, remark char you were only kidding. voo ony pretended fest to firul the gard You knew lit
had co be chis card which is de (name the card qeiumpbansly as you nena ig over). He will say chat i
Bat the card. Look leced, there say. “Pde per ie. Fier the oot vanished, and shen ahe card seems on be
eemeelt Bes Warr, Resa nk heal. LS i you yet nd de ar a fal ch a
=e 3

They will tay a male cord, Remark“! bese whar happened | old char your coin anara (x ‘om the
pri, aml he by really “Toose = if pom know aha I mean, A oe bur then
went off soahey can be alee. Har can they go? Wii, the cand ber, of aeurel™

Pick up the bos ly the sides with your right hand, Mee the underside parse na your table, Shshe
Be ort sda sede tees wl peeve tw ota from uncectrigont of thc ie ev they tan hen tho ok
inside, Say, Wie, ahere's something ince .

Oipcis the hon, remere the card, and bee che colin drop onto the sable. Keep che slic chosed with your
righs fingers so che coin docun't accidentally come our of che sli. Show che marked sticker on the coin,
then turn over the cand po eeveal che selection, saving, *..And look who she's wink.”

FINAL THOUGHTS: ‘The fect chat only ome of che new objects are si is a stremg qveninect
that you don't eed co-sign the card as. well. IF you usta close-up pad, cheee i lets risk of che enim enake

a sound ax you hide it in che card pile, but che unceen pile agmeres char a node wort accidentally
be ‘The case Is gimmicked, but i all my year of peafornving chis rousine, ao one has asked vo
examine the case, [ts use is so minimal, that no ome acsocianes bt with the routine. Cher time che slit
may rip. bur tape ar che ends of the alat can be used and sll oot be seen. Ie ie possible thar you will
have a Rata a petting the coin inne the alic. To facilitate chis aceiom remove a few cards from
the deck pricy starting, That sboald give a bir more space im che box, making ix easier co insert the
cel atric it,

If yeu really dow't wane vo make jokes abour abe hee a a roves emai wool be te start
eo peck saying chat someone ar the last shine avkiod iF yous coubt make his wile disappear, Pee
foom the seusine, with che aedsrant being the wile of the Tar spretatar.

A coin trick goes [rom point
A to point B. How you get
there defines your creativity.

“fr, Mictiael! Menbrascceny


Chapter FIFTEEN
GAFFED COINS

SILVER EXTRACTION

(always wanced to perform a ical version of this effect (made iy Verner), chor has been our com=
merrcialby forvears. 1 nicver Hed the osdginal handling and abandoned the reurine umvil | came ap act
this, This ia che ome | ahead now. It is VERY startling, and very magical.

Fchanged the fae othe rourine no give a logical reason for the appearance of the plarric coin char
sri ie reer Haaaeally, heise m1 ah aiwror 3 coin he rocently nied ag eoirt bern,
He removes 2 call purse andl peeves 3 ine er atlver half doflar, The suigician remarks thag siege
silver icmon worth mere than she vahee of the ookn, they sell infor its MELT waluc, ie, = the value of the
silver char could be extracted from the coin. The person whe sok! him the coin explained chat abene ix
noc a loc of sibeer in cbs coin. bret only om che oursicke und con extily be excracted. Offering eo demoe-
sorte, the magician proceeds 10 peel the silver visibly aff che coin, leaving 4 clear ineesbor. Lemarkieg
ibar the ineide is not woach amvabing, he makes che cenmer vanish, which conly abs silver!

‘The magician the iver inen a sonal ball, He remarks thay there it noe a bor of silver in a coin
wach as Ehis, a af ieee poi, the vale of che coon welll onee again be worth mare than phe sihecr,
Magically the piewe of silver granefornin ino che silver coin oo again, which is plecad back inno the
puree 00

PREPARATION: You will noed a hic of preparation befoe pertorming chis effect, Fire, youwill need eo
Purchase che Vernet Sifver Extrucnion Coin, which is a bulésdiedlar-sized plastic aise. Imprinted in the
plastic fs ar image of both che heads andi calls shie of a Kennedy half dollar. They are inexpensive and
can be fund chroagh moar magic dealers. You can subsricuce a half-dollar-sived plastic or glass cise, bur
the Verner coin, because of the ienages imprinced, works best. You vill also need «shiny 164 Kennedy
halldollar, You can use rag hin silver half alallard axa subseieure because the silver color
teatches the rafy Beritedy, AH pou need to the it near a slighe change im che paroer. Do mor use she clad
Kennedy hal doflars, as the color in a bic eff and chey don't have the ane value ax the eilver coins,

284 AUBIRSTESN COIN MAGES

Cut oat a rerangular pices of rin foil, apprec-
imately axy*. Fold the foil im half, so char whe
shew sides come sogether. Place che plasic
goin in che center of chis bold and press the fall
againer che coin so chat che image of the coin
appears through abe foil om beth sides taluc eo
ivlcas that are impsineed on the disc). Chur
the exoa foil off chin coin, leaving a benber of
abour nag —05? around the coin, Fokl chis exera
horder-anound ghee cute (0 tually Bold ti again
ihe tail stile of che eedn, oo hag the js ahd:
looks like a peal coin (eee photo 670) Place chis
incu year left pokes.

Pur a dupbhcane opi shim half dollar (che col
er chnely macches he foil coinb ince a small
coin purse UI use the [OL Single Parse by Jerry
Connell which car be casily
cially amd is the perfect sine Ker chin roueinel,

place this inco your left pocket as well, You
are now rraily ba egies

PERFORMANCE: Desonibe a visir roa recenr coin
thew and olfer to show your audience the coin
you bewghr. Beach enc your left packer with
vour left hand, and finger palms the foil cain,
heads (smoosh side} agains your fingers. Take
out the purst, oper it, and remove the half uel
lar with your right fingers. Give it co-yeur epee-
taror bo examine, aml table abe purse, heaving i
opm. Talk alwue dhe value of ike oon vet Excise
worth as inch ae ihe silver, Ofer to have breve
the silver is extracted from che coin. Hold the
halfalollar at uhe-righe fmpertips, fingers point:
ad aqreard and che bead! side facing the audi-
enee. Reach over with the left band, and under
the cower of ahe left fingers, secreaby alkow the
coin to drop ona the base of che right finger
ala the Ramuay Vanish bmmediately grat the foil
comin with the righ fingertips dea it is in shee same
position formally oocupard by dhe real extn) anal
use che left chur oo imemeliarehy peed apeward
the bail chat & overlapping ence A at js ake
iphoto 574) Pasec for a ecco, chen womtinuc
ta perl edPehe silver foal, Leaving che clear insert
(photo B72). femove the ieere from the foil
with the left fingers, and wible shee foal

Hold the iment oe your bef palm, and remark
thar the center of che od amdly worgh any-
ching at all. Aayou say @ am the ALPS
move, stealing the insort out of che left hand and
once the right finger-palosad silver coin, Since
ic ig plastic it ue Ls noise at ie drops ote
the real coin, Cheon ake Left hand no show shat
Hie trecet han variiehed.


Fick up the silver feal wish che right thamb
and fire finger. As you reach for abe Foil, clas-
sic palm che revs coins, plas: coin agvinse che
palm. Thés is mashed by the action of picking
up the foll. Roll abe foil ince a ball amd bold ix
between the right thamb and first ro fegere
Remark thar av the economy improves, the cons
of leer may ge down po a paing where the val-
ue of che coin fe worth more than he wher.
Pecterid en place it into phe Lele haul, leu retain
it in che right hand, and secretly allow the sil-
ver halfdetly vo (ll inte the ket hand, which
chides anmind ir ined & fist (photo 67a) Open it
toneveal thas che foil has sumed ince che silver
coln. As you deplay the coin, seceeely drop the
plastic coin Inco righe fir ‘palm position, on
top of the Foil. Piel sti Shera the belt
hand and ft inte the righe, os sop of the
foil and plastic oven (phote S74) Oppenby drop
the siheer coin back inte the purse aed che
it The right hand looks empty, emcept for the
pores, Pat it away to ¢

FINAL THOUGHTS: Gre of the problems with
the original rousing war thar the roughne eniled
after the silver was exmaceed. Thag left you with
aplasiic disc, which was given our for cxamina-
tion. The audience would lok at a plastic dines,
think it was interesting, but knew that you
weirdbed in for ihe regular coin. Tha nook away
the tlusios af magic. In chix routine, che clear
coin appears arul disagypears befiene by can be
caamined. Whe giulienee can see that the eobn
has become transparent, bot widhear comin
tng the coin they are not sare exacely whac they
ane seeitg. “Thar keeps che idea of magic lnnact.

Finally, when! perform, | keep several, Wermect
plascic caine already peopared in ain foil, wo f
can mepear this wick in -walk-arounad sitmarioi.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN * GAFFED COINS 285

THE DOUBLE-FACED COIN ROUTINE

‘This id art interesting rearing chat erares off hy
itstrowtacing a gall, Letting ft be seamen,

snraking ina regulsr ois mo npiee it dein che
opperare of whar va usizally wih a galled
od Elke chie roucine becuse a1 feat es a
lor ef double varnever moves, thar can be useful
inather elfeers aswell. | performed chis routine
em-nyy 20r7 Ac che Tabbe (V1 /downboad.

PREPARATION: You will nood a gisnmicked hall

dollar chat chews heads om bach sides. They are
sanity Forse aE riage: dealer or Gem one of the
Pital al ey Who iho aushem werk. You will
alo need a muecking eqgular half delles, ‘The
footne requires use of a amall coin pare, | use
ihe JOL Single Parse by Jerry O'Connell which
can easily be found commercialty. Iris che per
be sine for pr La Rehabs i

coin fete the purse and pus ibe parse along
with ibe marching coin inno your right packer,

you are ready 10 bepi

PERFORMANCE: Explain ihat om a reeced trip?
co Las Vegas, you fonda oore char sold game
bling ces. Hou bey a special coine

thar shows heads om both ides. Reach (ena your
pecker, finger palm che normal coin, and bring
nor the pu ree. Open che purse und hurd our ihe
double: a coin for examinasion. Table ibe
pane to the righr amd _ ous che fcr thar
the coin hae ewe wicks *headli”. Whike
he is looking ar chetali cae rub vou reer
with your right hand and book to ane which wicke
of the real oni Faces capmard. Ie neces to be the
fei be abe et gc Fae ard sea
Fur inves while yoni ate ealcing Gp jour 9

esto. Take back che sale welsh iB tight hard
anil doa modified Bobo neiovk co presen Da fos
fe into the Belt, Brielly, hold ic berweer your


280 AUBINSTOIN Otay MAG

right chum and first Finger, Tien your hana
aver and retain the gall by drawing thie evvirs u-
der the Firs cone fiegers weigh abe chums (phate
S75} acd drop the real nin from Finger palms
ante the cocended Fingers af veus palmeaup bet
hare, Jets nant a Tange iret aa eth che oeiginall
Bold diseripeion, bus a casual and small alrop
inte dhe oeher hand. br will fall ince he beft~
hand heaaks alale uj.

palm whe gall, pick ep the purse with the
right hand and pur if inte your right pocket,
swith the galled coin Say, “f rralised! char |
gould ope phot cain fiw all sores of phings. Few a
Noone lip he coin for my sone sadeer gorome, a
nade alin sae if pons,”

Perform fire the Don Morris mee from che
res book a Riotiaion. =o
Turecacr Open oon
heads ont che extended Finger 1t the forth
Fg gh, sang making a small ledge with the
she of the fir Begin te burt yor left hand
aver, booting eho enim wide diners em che feet
finger teheto STG) fr vill weep when it hiee che
skeet the rated foonh finger. Chen your righe
hand oo receive che coin Canrinue to nnn your
ley haned a bat more: The eoies wild nasurally flip
aver che Geurch fi y, filling heads up oeao che
crimeded Gages che che righeshaned.

Perform my Singh: Gein Tirnecer, ftom ery aong,
Scorer full Notes (given ut bo atecndecn of
the New York Goin Mapic Sominar) as bal-
howse Bring. pour left hand aver pa your right,
loft thumbs ursterseails your left ditgpers. Hitt the
faded coin closes do the right Bouech feger

ith che gip of che Weft chusesh, whach cquses che
ptindraihl, Balt Agi dparialialie tsi
SIT) This secion is bidden by che backs of che
left fi Let this edge annike-the inner eurface
ofthe fie reo Fingers: Kick ahe bortom edige of

CHAPTER FIFTEEN * GAFFEQ COINS 27

cr heb aed with your ibambs so char tf
tath as il coin i now perused inet

nace «oF else fi "phate 8) Ture lett
hand pain up, thumbing the coin back omnes
che righe fingers heads wp dphoto- 879). lt should
lowk: He yom fuse 4 the codn over with che
left-hand: Repear che mere again, Say, “fale bee
gare re-use oki cvin iar hars so-ger frocadrieake, 1 cma!

never dese.”

the Hip Three mene a couple of times,
el i de fe pas Fem re eo hand,
always chewing ake heads side feing wp. Pir
ish with abe coin in the righ bared amd pian
my Single Coin Themen again as you explain
thar soon, people started ov get suspichous. They
would say, “Here comes Rubirtarcin’, up”

Execan the Aip Tarmopar mene again to place
ihe coin inna the belt-band brad aye Say, Bind
hearing thar I ete cevels sowneniing, so J aneur Back pe:
thee wrare in igus This rate [pera coda pharm
Tats ot Bach ala!”

Chose che belt hand fem a fier, secrecy narning.
geer che coln-so che cable side rum face wp. Snap
svour fimgers and open your hana oo show thar
the coin naw shows che raid foe, Execune ibe Fup
Tarnow move, letting the ooin fall inte the right
peli pits promt eegte Cant Tre
Cer ime a coy times saying that mare,

ooakl use cither che ouvir oat the nieon
Hho hs sitles, ane che aieta: aoa ing dB aon hath
idles, Use the Flip Thrisecr moves to pur che colin
tals ups rieo abe left Feared, them close ie iro fis,
secretly cumming the oon aver. Snap your right
fingers and open abe hand to show che heads side
again Do ira couple mone rinses, showing heads
oe book sitkes. Say, “Y mewer gor bout come
lose omce, Pinas heer oo [Tipe code flow mmc, of
quemiosable charger: flan’ momrehe Mafia, or abe
Afcriciin Drug Cartel J am referring an...The Women’

Book Chil: They

fivdded eo dina berewee euce books
= Rowe and fuller, or Fifty Shades of Crap. Ore off
tlhe sakes eirval ome, J een’ nell pour unlakch isd, mar fee's

Mare ake coin ine Ieh-hand Spellbound posi-
ith beeen * tape al the chums and Gre
tan fh t At chis poor afte pong tn
fora oy vada fon ed Sal hoch ipo iew
froma the June 184 lane of Ay . You ape
ang to tun creer che coin while in Spelibound
Lert sherairig head em boch sides. Bring che
night hand ever the onin in the belt, coeering ix
with the tighe ft . Tighe thomb andenncach.
When your iim teaches the otha the baka
path dowsrwand and flip che onin (photo 580).
ore inst jroo oaraindicr
regent. Then take ibe coin, frgers on tops ar
ihasrale rsh finyie ieee teed pale up.
ae oon ry inka S iit pa
es iy De ahies saiorimeciy,
“The prolier imac, aoniene united eo examine the
cola. Se, needed eommiech bt our fora regallar cain”

Take ir cur of Spelthoand position ane pur ix
ines the left clei Ten meee ihe arte
agar tagalog call ae begat ithe

snap your ingers, chen open in, sheen it
a hea regular cain, brads em one wide, rail an
the cher, Finish bey giving it cur po ber enamined

FINAL THOUGHTS: ‘here ts 2 rousine with a sim
Har ploc by Dhoe Morris, called Tie eeed, char
appeared in che ag8t book bey Srew Beane, Seve
Beam on Goins = Volume Chee. The rourine
presmoed here is fun eo anal shioweas-
ex thece different qypes of curmever meavca, Note
thar ghee is ales a fourth purniver mower in chis
book worth learning. It ie described im Vidi
Revelation, as well as a few of be other teatines in
the haok, The idkes ef showing che double-Geod
coin at the aan of che reatine a6 che convineer

28% RUDOYSTEIN COMM BUGIC

{yom pood-no malic people beliow har you are sill
wing the quan when you anant doing the pum
overs. Withour socing the galfed coin,

watiald suteenatically Soeur yas deme ualitgg aSeigehi
of hard: ty seeing the golf fern, chey war's dus
pect arching suspicious when you begin show.
ing boeh sides. The appearance of ube call sicke tx
wery surprising, as ie che monmual con oc ibe end

The use of the double-faord coin is very ahd, be
use appeared in Proficwsor Holfman’s sigs Mod-
orn Magic, in the “Hoadr and Tua” Trick, bet

moce likely was aroused much earlies,

THE BENT CONN ROUTINE

Ihre the bending coin coserpt. There are many
cole bending Bimenicks em the marke? aodlay,

allowing yoru. oo bend & caries & bee the
Tabor. ae problem is, vou. a, pee bli
dion to bend che coin in on offbear momens, |
ued co find away oo bend a coin wichour using
a gimmick. Thar was che easy part The hand pare
vent bo figure our how on matey aber wcities howd: baker
it wasn't emigchod yer be fdetified as che com
that waa given to pou by the apecrater, The snlu-
tien came wp wich allows for we eodns per be
bene; the magscian’s coin, andl a opie belonging
toche spectrom. explained chison my sory AE
ahe Leone OV DY doewnilaed.

PREPARATION: There isa lor of preparation for
this rourime. You will need chro difcoena ripes
of state quarters. The staze quarvers are wniquc
in char shey arc coina with tity differenc- back
designs comesperding aa the different staccs.
The iver Fuse for this. effect area. yeep Camnecti-
eat painter (hack design is a tree) aril a aoe
Hand stare quarter, with the deiign of che
pel Ailing on abe back. | use rae
beenae che designs are easy on dee, and wery
different. ‘Obviously, you con use wharerer de
sign you lke. You will need rwo quarcers with
marching condition for each design (four coins
in socal. You will weed oo preemark the Cone
nectiost quarters. Using beth a hammer and
Phillips head scrcebriver, make a dena in che
eoin at the Lely sade oP ake ence. Make the iden-
tical mark on ihe soil Connecti
aawell, Yeu will ew need to bend oe of
Cennecticut quarters, avon of the Margland
quarters [phobs 682). I use a ian re gies
mick for chis, bur wou cam bend ikea ba wuz
rer Way


You will aho need co be ale to manage several
codne fe yom et poses Tene a home-made Packer

Manager ter the coans, deserted in Chapeer
Senna of this book. Place dhe bene Clenineccioar
Priag fae he crowgh wt whe righe side of che
fookee Manager. Ac dhe ocher-end, Place the bert
Munvland quarter and right behind ic the dupli-
cave Marvlind quarter (phote B89) They won't
fall furcher inte the camds because of the depth
oF the pocker thar you made, This pews inte your
fight jacket pocket and premises an cany and
sure way to coneve the coins yor need. Place
the remaining Coemecticut quater inbo right
hand finger palm, sad yoru age ready eo beeen.

PERFORMANCE: Ack no boro a quarter. Take
his coin wich your righr haeed pretend oo
drop in ince your left bur perform a modileed

Bobo Steir ab follows: | hit cain beiriecen
yout thumb and: fire finger, Turn vor hanil
over and prenend eo drop it wera Heth baat
drop the Gomnectiogt quareer instead and re-
tain hie coin, held bry the thumb againae the fora
andl secoml Hngers. Trance the con ao Anger
palm as you feok ar dhe Coneeeicur coin
Lipa chat there are difiy atane ah ai eich
with a different design. ‘This one kar a ree on
in, aed o dave ppietd Poing cur the pock mark
ac the belt of che cree. Remark char you afar buve
ascace quarter. Plage che Commecricua quarter
ot the sable. Place your right hand inen pour

. lewee hie original quarer, and take out
ister Maryland. quarters from the Phobos Manag
or, Remain che bent quarter in your right hasd
in Finger palm and dleog the ochier ene omter the
left hand, Show the hack, the different design,
andl the dice oF soon, Say chat cach cois noe
only fae a differens design, brat some are hardes,
were are aohter, al same are #0 soft chat you
ean bend hens?

CHAPTER FIFTEEN # GAFFED COINS 289

Say char yee will ery no bend your quarcer, Auk
him co take his own coin anal org te bend ir as
well. Mold the onbent quamer in your rigst
hand. Place ir ineo chuneb pale as you reach bor
your right sheve with your belt chun and First
finger, Tug at che thocve as if po pull ic up a bic,
You doe't really baer co radl ap the eleeee, che
bugging action ents che ikea across, Dxering shits
aerion, move the bene coi ts che fin, eee
all the thumb-palmed ears iste ferer pate

This palm-te-palme aeansher ia rect eee be
danse al che aencion eo the left band pulling
the sleeve upward. Then rug om the left sleeve
elt whe ri cds and First finger, «rill hold-
(og sane che ena coin.

Adter cugging at the eleewor ta pall chem up jue
a bir, pea ad the: bene coin Tends
ponding dowrwandh with the chum ane Fire
fingers of en hanks (photo S84), ‘Ihe palmaare
down, ace the fir oer the ewin, Make a
ened ing musthow, sliding the hands tm che side 1
shew the hen coin [photo BBS). Dep in ne che
rable, and let che speciavor examine ic. Take br
hack, and place both the bent and unbene coin

incowvour righe pecker. Secrecly remawe the hens
duplicate of the Connecticut quarter from your
Pocker Manager, and Finger palm it as you remane

= hand from the pocket. hak iF he was able we
Tera his own coin. Hie may ack yeu oo ory,
iFror, ack him if he wane you co ery beniling it

Fake hid colt wih your right hand, andl as be-
fee, thumb pala ir aa you fig an your ee

dieeve with your left hare. Heieg your cipher
hand over no the Belt alceve, bur on the way ac
eretly dump che chumb-palmed coin into yur
left jackie chest jpocker (photo Sth6 shows an exo:
peed view h None thar ahs Pooker Pinot has been
around a bong time. It appears im the rousine

200 RUBBNSTEIN COIN Magic

Roriey, Pomer front the ply Ellis Sanyo book,
New Coin Tricka Aw wish che o¢ler picks in
the besk, Stanvon narntioss char the material
was in use by the performers of thae rimse, uo
fie likely much older. ft may belp oe hu severe:
tissue.or a handkerchief inno the pocker co aper
ir up a bit, Tag at ther eleeve, then prab ake bent
oon ayo for the firir one amd make bend
ing motiom with both hands. Show char che
coon is hent, pointing oat all the comvincens =

the design, the dare, aad the pock mark

FINAL THOUGHTS: f like chis routine because
NOR Ber co lend rao coins, norang, and es nie
is signed. Instead, che convincers oni the ooim
make it uniqae, and no ome questions chat de by
noe the coin they pave yeu Ie is poosibbe thas
they will want an uebent coin, even ch
most will wane to yea i the bene cain as a sou
venir, On the chance thay chin will happen dnd
it hag noe happened eo eae pct), yom can have a
quasecr in your felt poker, snd give thar te him
instead of the benr even, In fact, i yaar jacker or
shirt doesnt hive a chest pocket wou cam keep
the coin in finger palm imaesd of demping i.
Ac the end ofthe routine go inro your packers,
dump the coin, remove che exra quatcer, aed
ask him if he wanes to cachange ir. Mose jachers
or shines have the pocker, chough, oo most likely
eau won't nood oo dothar, Finally, | usually car-
fy several leet Consenticue quarters with she
peck mark in aemeall purse, #1 can give our che
eoim anual still pertonm che ourise Later.

MAGNETIC COINS

Ohper uhe wears Uhave published sewerall veruions
of this eflece. The firet waa sold in: leady back ier
egy along with a booklet anda magnet, Ineead
oF wing 9 soldened coin galt, it ied Fin Tae
the coins cogether, which allowed me
bo mows: the coins slightly while they were ap:
tached, withour scparaing them, bur! couldn't
give irowt to he cramined, A scoond version ape
peared om Voleme Tem of che New York Coin
Magee Seminar D1} sorics, which climinaped
the Cains Agri phase of the Fest eougine, une
a woldered coin gall, amd addod an increasing
ditch of whe gall. This most recent version
abe on my omy Pot abe Table 0 Dydirant
Lom very hu hi with this lieae version,
because the moves very magical, the gaff
can be examined, and there isa. very clean finish
io end. As uech, ic is che pertece wallo-wrcund
pocker crick, amd [do thie all she rime

PREPARATION: In oedier to shi ctfcer,
jrouwill need four half dollars Two oF them are
soldered eapether so that onic enecrlapn ehe caher
by ahour bel, The gin ate 0 ay ghar thee

shows the heads of one coin, and che evils
ofthe other. Whe date is covered by the over=
Lap, 90 vou wears peed! oo dite march che coins
[photo ‘You wll wh med a small portable
ciparesce liphoer. | use a small Bic lighver. Pace
the le net right pocker po begin. The

F also inao this packer, and she
seri ta arin at heft Fock

PERFORMANCE: Say, “I dant mally undermumd
Baripurre ip fuck a ecbiire, anal ep porubeer
baste heer ro cineee, bur nee et J really dows onal
deed airy of icf jaar uve 0a oompurer nombre
phe Wissel of Che. dn ir, Glin phe goo! winch,
Lop Sparano oo
Oke while saying, ‘There's na place file my fom page”

1 didnt inew whae' chop were talking abour, I once
pried en do mey banking online. Sa, I eater denne rele
bark cinel snced ont fine for am hoor, Whaa acbine of
plete! And chile nas there, ele neler mas fired for
ang dea ge har fault chough Dery
fiew chey sod deer oe cake five, she did! ur while |
was ahere, | picked! oq seweie clad half dollars char?
ieanr ro-aiioer pow.”

Beach ire vour packer and remove the na
half dollars From your bets pocket. At the same
tires, area f rats the cee ss i

» Hele al FE ini rij f palm,
Levee fall idk oft abehe coe aie the
baat al” che tight weve! finger, the oeher coin
(which is maw wi) ower the haae of che

chied Finger (photo SBE)

Explain char they are clad coins, which means
thar they are mack up of dilfecent metals, anal
a such, chey can develop and: maintain a static
eleceric charge. 1c dacsn't happen with dines anal,
amers because they are so amall, but yeu can
netrare with half dollars. pope thas jut
like wher you nah pour fot on # anal,
your hair-standa cn onal, whup yee neh whe coin
an your sleeves, you can develop a serong stare
ehogerig charge and they will appear magnetic

Hold-one coin by ins edge berween your il
uhumbs and: fingees, che ocher in the same way
in your night Fund. Rubs the coin in your ia
‘hand 4 boom your wight sleeve, then alo
the same with the cuber onion the belt sleeve,

OHAPTER FOPTEEN © GAFFEO O01NS° 291,

Explain chat they nin have 3 charge. You and
rane teady i peer amie char | call he

Mose, This move was inenodueed back in
reaywith my Magmetic Coins booklet, luc over
tiene che icp arcu” wiahs mec coedin tes eve.

Ta perform, hold a coin by che edge in cach
hand berweren the ips of che thumb, first, amd
scoond fingers, so thas che Facey df the coins an
rowand ibe audicnoe, Secretly exrend che befé
brennan eaagerani shir ok hep
reaghees (ep at crwly Ieee that ai
hand's enin rea, up bo fewttin the
hard, uentil che heft Erchstin emhey che
nail of the left thumb (photo 6844) Press che
coin agains: the shambnail, directing the force

the leltchard coin and a bie to che right.
This will cause che coin (after a moment of hes-
insaion) no mee around the thumb wip, going
slightly andermeath the thumb and snapping
against the ocher coin (phos S86) This mo-
ment of hesitation fallowed bey the enap keke
just like the ooimt-were magnetically attracted
ba amie aniehes®

rae the coins, pull back on whe enim be
Bil hae. There ri be another moment
of hesicadien (from che coin being beld: under
the chuneh wip), and chen che coins will by
separanc as i owercanse the finer of che

magnetic fie

Rirpeat this action ong ot peg enane times, to
satablish che smaginetic artracsiom herween the
raw onind, Explain char you can make the fore
af aperaceion ever atm » Bush whe cain in che
left hand on che right sleeve as yor dlidd abe first
dime. Howeres, di whee accion you are

iwaecreaiy switch the cole in che right umd for
the soldered coins. While the arrention ison the

292 RUBINSTEIN CON MARIT

left-hand coin, use the: Side Move (slidke-in phase
from Chaprer Five co pur ibe coin behind che
gall, and chon the side-our phase go move the
gall vo che fingertips, During this action bend
inthe ibind fiager to curt che galk (phase 507
wa that 9 fe mov lies along the len al the feta
aed scodnd fingers. The lowerment onin is ene
exposed ar che fingertips held between che fers
veo fingers on tie fronc, wed che cheembs om rhe
feoe of the coin in che rear (phate 61) Rese the
edge of che golf againse the rip of che third fin-
ger. The: ar coin ke ander the gadf and boch
arc inst the arulerside of dbe Finger
‘by che chun. fr should look po the apeeratom
thar you arc pst holding che other coin ag the
“ ips. Mate ane ehar che second asin af the

Te poy be peer bh your epevtanars! ‘This move
is ahs silently asLianially as yeu ane rubshi
ahe Jefi-hand coin ageinse ohe righe sheeve mf
will noc be detected.

Rub che exposed part of che soldered coin: eee
against the le sleeve ws before, thers held the
coina boward the epectapors an if vou were about
to petiiem the Snap Mone again. ‘This time, bere
ever, pou ane poing to piceierm anether ener. Ie
in cuentially Kainoa Harborele’s Faegernie Muscle
Pet feos in hit tony book Caineopes (and bawed
wm Cuceis Kaw Taofpeinks mow) However, |
iat ny wT huredling variation which is easier
for me, and chaz will be cmaghr in che consent
ef this routine. [Fyou already de Kainoa's move,
that works just fine. Nooe thar ir is a hnack cv
ef move, and practice will allew you no pert
hang of it

‘Te perferen tevy beaitcllit mfthe Fingertip Muscle
Phu, Bell ibe enters fet oan ae ieee
ag if you were aber no porform the Snag Adve.
‘The coin in the left hand i held berwven ake
nips of dhe chumh, first, and second fiegers. Pull
rhe lets second Finger back and stick abe
the coin beeween che nail and tip of rhe finger
[paste 590). etcoche aged Stet ae
coin wedged becwoce che fingertip acl the nai
Quickly excend your finger, which will propel
the coin eur of your left hand toward che oeh-
er osin as in plete B84 (see cy praction thy in
the Final Thoaghts secon) ‘Tu catch the evan
in che weber hand, quickly lilt che right chur
(photo 695), word imenciliarely puc ic back ophoto
696) Vhe paffis resting on the side ef che righe
chitd finger aed won't fall. The coin will pro
pel tell ander che thumb, which carches bt on

cop of the pala the items re-poriace agains

the gal th alike the ewitt i ateacted no che
coin in che righe hamid. The ceins are exra pol:
Fides as Follow, All the ooien aee in the right
hand. Gn dep, and held bv che right shumbs, is
the coin Grown tbe left hand, which sirson cop of
the hidder pant of the gail. Under the gaif and
against the fags fa che oaler free con

Crab the exposod parr of che soldered galP winks
the beft hand sna fH] it car of che righ. Chudee-
by align ge gwen Free exis in right-hand figs
palin, Toss abe gall inno the ais snd canch be weih
the Le ham! Renmark char che coins are now
really seuck eogether, As yeu sav chis, bring your
righe hand over co che heh, crandienring the ro
coind Gr the righe hand ee [50 Grip os follows
Clip abe edge of the coins closer no ibe fire
finger berween the shhes af che fire: anid second
finger: Sick your thumb under the evire and
fever them upward. Aa che ssme cimr curl che
fine Bingen ewer abe fare ol che top carina, ber pracips
the onien by the mite Whey are now
hell irs place sedely by ihe first frnger. The ocher
alge is pecsed againae the side of dhe extended
secon finger eo give saabibiny, anil po bike che
coins behind the second finger. The right thumb
ancl cecoend fi ape now [nee bo granp oe side
af the sok gall.

Hold che galf horizoraally so that the face ace

rallel co che flower, The ofan che dof in Bell
Ep ae ope wich the uhemnb, and Fret cw fn

sal che deren deft hard. ‘The coin oe
a i ti heaween the tips of she ae
thom ad second limgerti The expers pales:
of hoch hawids Gee he al and he ra
coins in Ji Girip can'c he seen. You can hold
the fingers of the belt hand in the same way yous
hold ibe galf' wich che fingers of che righr hand,
but be be mor mecesary.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN + GAFFED COINS 202.

Pall em cach wick whowing that the force of ac-
Fraction bi si-srremg, shat vou can't acparabe the
pw enine. Take it back wich he left hand, acd
hand the galf aug for examinacion, Ac che same
Heese, krwer che eegher bond andl aranster che ews
eins back so finger pales by First grabbing che
free edge with the right chum, them rocating
thems our of), Grip and back inne finger palm,

Take back the gai widh che left hard, Ag che
samc rime, areretly praup the edges af che ewe
eoine in finger palin ‘with the Fig chases and
mifate them upward roa position: perpendicn-

lar coche palm, so char che opposite are
pushed againse dhe base of whe cecemad end chind
Ecol ie Laliomit one held bby their: hc

edges with the thumb on one side and base of
the fingers at che oder. This is Marko's Molding
Posirfon (aio hon as the Maris Moor, trans che
toa Ed Marlo’s Lecture Nines, and fret taught
rhage esti Air tap Chick Rew),
p i inte & 1 =palm position ae
thar it Eaaanaike lane thal fingers,
ane! Halal begat in place wieh the ai: ofthe right
thom (ee thar he thomb i actually holding all
af thecusns — the gaff apainet che Froscani die

204 RUDINSTEIN COIN BLUGIC

rao normal coin jut below it and posisicned
vertically against the lauc, a4 in plote S97),

Youare now joing on perform a nice aabelery of
ten employed by Mike Gallo. to awiech the gaff
for che other ven coi. Show che left band co be
and reach late your left packer. Quickly

ee

aw |e, “whoops, wrong pooter™, anil
take the Baty i, oat of the right hand

with the left, spreading them te mimic che gall
The galF sexys im rij crkardl Reger palin tismac:
diately put the right hand into your right

et, ditch the gall, and withdraw the Bic lighter

‘Say, “The ea ribeitvowt flame cheney, aly known
a3 at oganic , aie iar ae a
ameres maher. This was Gonmener Report
dierent ape teen Freawicr mwodel, bear
rar ira dale lighter; Bur f com war rls
rs the magneric Pleare opin your ham!
pot up

Heieg the nay erecrlapping aiied whieh Vootk
ke ahe over the apectaior's ogen palm,
and brietly wave che flame from che lighter over
the coles. Allow the berrors coin to Gill onve
the palm, then place che second coin there ax
well so thee can both be examined.

FINAL THOARGHTS: This is a very mice walk-
angand routine wih good angles, good risdi-
fection, arid eweryahlegg can be ceassined before,
dusing, and afier abe erick, Mus, ies cary te aceet
by punting she coins hack ineo tbe left pocker,
be be er and gall back inno the right pock:
et. The miadzrection os ike cwttch is strong and
showing the lefterd empay belose going ipo che
packer the na Ho ih
bere cing ie ince tao with=
den the li tee The dbx about the ligheer alua
aot. as mi tion mo cake the mind off a pusel-
‘Me witch. Finally, you can glue che coins togeth-
or fo emake the gall bur nan che wink of eonaceric
ting them while they are cxantimned. So,
sekcring the coins is Righty recommended
PRACTICE TIP: ‘The Fingereip Muscle Mast ie a
lonacky rps of mowe. My variarion is easier for
me eo dio, bur ciill regains work. In order eo
practice this move, stare with the coln iin
the left bund. Hold ic bewizonaally above a salt
surface such as a close-up padi, che fice of the
coin parallel ro che surface and the belt-hand
paler ep. The com is held as before, berwron the
thamb, first and second fingertips. Inacrt abe

edge off the coin berween the nail ard tip of the

accond finger. As before, exceed che secanil fin-
ee. bo propel che coin our of the left fingers and
tothe right. With praceice, you can ger a premy

distance. Mow hold che righeshand pales co
the befy, holding a coin face co the audience wich
the ips of che chumh, first and secomd finger.
‘The bavtem edge of the coin lies on the side off
the abird finger, which mover lightly inward co
act asa ledge. Practice catching ibe left com by
Fifting and replacing che right thumb as the left
cari is pray bo the tight Chee yer begin ba
caech a regularly, while toa werehead penien and
Cont hae practicing. Once vou have che hug of
che move, wou can ery it holding the gif
a weil

THUMB THROUGH COIN

Ever since David Roah published his version of
The Karan Coin in Kaudman's Cofnmagic {ile-
rived from the original elfecr by [.M. Tongin
dating back po at beast efig3. deactibed in Nou-
well blanche iheveilee under Finire pasi-
ek doight firme nig enim ime. pedo de
eg france, man put similar restines inte
print. This is dhe fica teating, however, that
uses the thumb instead of the ferur finger for che
penetration, In addition, | waa able to extend
the rourine oo Rive mushiple pererrarioes, wre
like many ooher reetines where there Eeonky ene
penetration. This way che cis exverded. In
onder po-keep che audience engaged, I developed
a fun amd ¢presenracion to po wilh che
multiple penctrarions. 0 had an carly version of
this on mr Knockout Coin Magic LWT? series.
This preanttation fret appeared on my zon
Penguin Live Tero ihe dl, bus E have sinc
changed oncof dhe eenves co climinane same un-
ncccwery finger moversent,

PREPARATION: ‘iva wall peed raw half dollars,
One is normal, and: pou will also need a marche
ing coin with a hole in che censer. The inert is
bi pencagh eo thar you can pus your thumb ri
tea ir eal ee ae ced of ube nail, |
pee se bio u ne bok be ear
occurred ior thar wour t q
coin, Boca is haraey be hade thc potting pice-
ct. In addition, the lian is 2 reagieal pemerra-
tho, Tae a feet af serength, ‘The hole eae ie ii
righe-harad finger palm. sia halFdotlar and
hold it by the rins berwren the cips af che belt
hurls ana firse fi so bar the:coin & parallel
co che fingers. The bet hand Gs palm up, fingers
pointing toward che audience (photo 58)

fine eich ovina [fF you ona coin, pow cant rel
i ane 7 og ccrihers ire =e

I fac, yearly put your hum thrcugh
eeruer of phe oie *

As you say chix, display the colin. ax describe
im the lett hand. Secretly insert your thamb
ina che coin hod: (photo 599), Hald Jpour right
hand back coward your audience, with finger:
caneided and poimted co the befi. The babe cain
is hidden hy the ba back of che cight hand. Bring
your hands together. Woks thruazing, Peis,
dicks UE ight thundh with ehe hole asin on
Centar the lef-hand coin aed rhe erocch of
your left chusih, ao thay it canends eyo the
left bund where in can be seen (phot 660) Lf
the hole coin hits che ocher coin, i's noe a probe
heen, bur cry ro bokd che regular coin as chose ro-
the rips of che chussh and first fmger as peosi-

ble. You need no emough space for the
hole coin ie sb ii without touching, As you
mone your righr chum ah the space be-
weren che cuan and the cronch of the tbamls,
ide noeraal coin coset ius che ight: hand so
bar ie here hits che cropeh of your right abamb:,
lermediaechy curl year nip fingers anal move
your right Bard hack cme sighs inserting the
cain inte right Finger pale. ase the prip on
ibe Bele colsvand curn year right-hand palm up,
showing the hole coin on the chunth, the eaher
cain hidden in right finger palm (photo G04).
The flusion is thar you pushed your chumh

right hrough che cain!

CHAPTER FRFTEEN = GAFFER OWNS 265


2068 AUIINSTEIN COIN MUG IE


your Ieft hand cm 3 ov pla Sok

rier and See
hn taku ad Panett

pid hapten baat fi

cham eg of the cn
reabiii tpe s snl armd {arse fen
ger, Im che sane way char yo tnirlally held che
normal coin (G02. The normal coin is hidden
berate hacks of abe leit fingers and can't be sccm,
Gard che beft ingers upward. oo hide the ooim
Rangane stor nighe tPrembswhile im tho hole hack-
wine and cosntercbon bine at bakd che thle
ovine sell, and remark vbae f-really is pour shams
Beeng cheough the coen, ite not an |

race your hands, cure your eighst-hand palm
up, and the left-hand palm down, eanmal coin
now In left finger salen: Place soe left hand
ower the and grasp your right tomb wre
dercath the hole coin, circling ic with the bli
thamb and fire finger (peso BOF shows an
exposed view) Preverd go pull che ovin off ihe
iheambs at Fallows: Mull dhe hole evis olf the fie
ga chat it snceeely Galli ono she baer ef ae
tigha i fe is bi the back of the left
had andl coat te seen tak the chuneb winks he

left hand, eurking in the ri ci pa hicks hse
preversdli Il che cole off che thambs, Tinn

cpour Bele ea up, revealing tbe normal
ain. ‘The right hand cms or, ng the hole
coin in fingsr palm, Remark chat wou take
the cain the shumb, aa cam ane that there is
fe hate lin dhe ctin. Take the pesenall coin ae
hold ie in the right hard between the chundh
an firer nwo fingers. Say, “Well, shat mame’ goin

the thumbalerves' geploune rhar! mus expecting. Bur
day I coo tt ch pov et a nora pean
And | booe thar our there, ‘thumbaphere, chore iz
bev wedenyphet tolerates 2 pagebadiard
again. oren ‘pou. Bur a at
ay duane Tow hn of mur aro
break one of the Thumbdamenralruirsof mingle: Hur
hey, I don't atzape the malice, Tut would be
an imornct fay Nin, Pam arebel, A, nebo,
with a themnh, And art old choo whe dled hie

wick in back in Lisin, ‘thuedsiseten” yoo
fuse goer the rede Bey 1 aie pode this
Wick apaie, using a meee I bea fama

Rarare mow, Thies of Thumbder: ae Asweke Fike
nia.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN * GAFFED COINS. 297

Place the nocneal gnie im befe-haeed ned
pation, between the dips of che thumb and
sea om eee lee yeers hank
fi iphoto voue

cia opie the veal coin, fingers exceeded
re} pelincing dorwn The thumb with the hale
vootin fs hidden by the backos of chee fegers
(photo 405). When you cry. “HEAR, bring your
right hand down with a Batak fhete, Allow che
veal onins co drep enna che base oF che belt fim-

Bi dn nt ing Gaus tons Shot ars

-hand pals up, eeeating the coir
pts ‘bssaeried poster tha the audience
ean gee br ores heded pihe left fingers. Separace
abe jordan enn right hand complecely

wo show sees oe the thusnb, Turn

silt ep pales down, normal coin in eft

ee Say, inal char's my chai going righ
ci iheaein! Now thumb onc” once me i
Jergey doing thar, and Pay kane “thom? far eit
i, expoctally incthe ‘heember Bar ee cools ching ii
tha elie D ralke ie eff wry aban, ahere re Rete iv
ey coin, ane the hued fs deccree.*

fuend the right isa psig palmeuy hanil,
chuenb: povimain peinci
reward your audience. ae your Felt hand wit
back facing the audience and firan two fingers
— Sims oe riper er will
in ih ra, i Him of on
recur the ph gears amd first run fi

fphete BOT), lolting it an an édge-prip-leioe
position, ara if apt afF che right #
Seraghien whe a atl dog the normal

coin Gerihe kaacer eaenited right eo
{photo G08). Turn your left-hand palms up,
coin still berween the avembs, fire ard aecomed
finggrs. Immediately place your right thumb
Eo eave ain and nem your righ cag
m down and once The ek el, Reh
pet coin from view (pchoto 60. ome te
holds the nowmal coin in place against che fin-
ere teber pis alge cain inpe
pe epee | Seanie Rub the face of
ern coin atl meee yur right hand ov
the right, revealing the coin with ne hole im ic
Wher you fieich pour staenkene saving, ind
athe: nksoenls dr deuce,” pitee a thusnhy up with your
right hued. and ponuse for the applasise.

298 RUBINSTEW COIN MAGIT

Say, “New fe thuombary), mhaa's new times f par ory
thumb nincugh ie coin, and noe nines [have mabe
irowe: But tinembrhing’ arile mu you're nor satisfiod,
*Thumbehing' celle we poorer no.anerhin. ‘thumi’
hare [eur “Purmsbphireg” eelle mic pour inant hie sean-

y ahor, OF eurse, if de obte again uke coir ll be
aber en fell Bur hey, if te peat eee ring phmbs ae
from pour gers, Jam going cede ir again ‘Anat (abs
it in glow: noriog,*

Bring your palmeup right hand over co the belt
alin Cecflkatan with che right thumb.
Turd vour right hand sm ghar your fingers anc
norm poling dawn asd pur pour right thumb
tpn ihe coin, Under che qoecr of abe right fin-
gent, werctly shaft yer right thumbs jou off the
cain oo the right of the edge ef the coin (pho
fo 600) Make os downward puch with she right
hand, Although covered, it hooks like you pushed
aru ere through che coin, Taino vnur righe~

im doen wich your fingers polmaling 1
the feb, and secretly srick: your right chumdh ino
the hale coin tsrill hiding che real coin wich she
cxcondod right Angers, ae im photo €41} Allow
the teal eedn tere ta the base of she lit Gri-
geri withour touching she hobs coin ana sqparate
the hans. Tuer che right-hand pales ep-re show
the pesecrarion. Turn ike left-hand palm dew
ond curl che belt fingers, truniderrenig the real
coin frre to fiegentp rest. Grasp che edge of the
nerraal coin with the middle joie of the chumb
amd pecss che opposioe eder ino che left second
and third fingers. Extend che fingers, which purs
the real coin into an upside-down deep-Spell-
hound position (phebe 612)

Tien your left hand bel: po the audicnee, fen-
gers estended aml pointing to dhe right, Turn
woot right hand back no ie audienor, fingers
extended and poincing co che belt. Grasp che
rims of the bole coin wich che left aluemb: and
fra two fingers (phot G13). Pretend vo pull che
hole coin olf the shuambs (leaving ir om tne right
thumb), Gipen che beit-hand palm ap oo: shrew
ihe coin and bring he fingertips. While che
arecmtion is om che cain in che belt hand, secnerty
take the hole coin off che thamb and place it
neo ibeombipalm. You ane now going te picrharm
a Changesner Pelm of Cieolf arta fealled the
Latta Tromgfer in abe Minch {Hobbs beck, The

Goodby). Bring your right hard {fingers
sae tue abe eft eee woke br ned le
abe real colt our of the belt fingervips with the
ight thomb and tere: fieger (photos G14) ‘Ihe


CHAPTER FOTECN » GAFFE QOINS 200

extended right ff corer the fiers of abe
— hand. Ac the same time, accrcely
rihe thumb-palnsed hole cain onesie rhe have
of abs belt diegers (photo 615) Drep che real
oui ang the table eo eee. Sap, ". ad winhow
amy “fucrmbeling' Fcan exke be eff she finger, show
big ns hole in che coin Hopefully ger mea okumbsr
ap fare zi dl ene he Sacre of ee
yy for macchang”

Finah by greing wo thombs up oo your gecli-
ence: Bick up the repalar coin with the belt heed
anal pat ia and £ ake Gi nee sour. pocket

wend,

FINAL THOWGHTS: The pacer is all romgue in
cheek. The audience gets it and relaxes. Each
penecmcion is slightly different, and thene are
no stmt ce unmetiversd moves. The two
thambs wp ac ibe end serees wr imply thar the
hunks are cmpey. The hole coin sbomakd wnagely
fit .an your thumb so char there iv no obvious
Batvots the Brake ana che charted 1F you
me have a cuin witha bode im ff, measune your
theamb sis at the point you want the ein co
fie at, and bave 2 jeweler or one of the cobn gal?
musulsceurers rill abe: hoke for vo. IEyou can
fied in shresdy peedrilled sil ix firs, prear. Bur
sometime: itt a really pood idea to pay a hie
eon fie cacoen work.

Stephen Minch olftre an additional crediting,

telerenee im his book, The Long G ~ He
ssatcs that che idea of a finger 1 an
Aaees hack oo at Seana sigy in che |.N, Poesin
fetine, fasire piney fe deter dame a ine

Ben une piove dé seey frones, in Be gchar

Whaehe devuilee, Tome a.

SIGNED BILL THROUGH COIN

‘This: eousine ortgenally ped. in envy sory
Colwenaben Lecrure Mores |e urilives a galt
apaarcer prerely ng dar le ihe iy
sonics, for a by ar Thi Quanar mea-
tine: This quarter hae a flap cenacr, which hides
a hole in the center of the coin. U have ahears
lowed the tea of magically puching a cigatcete
om pencil through eke qqaarter, eel bere are
many peewl routines that have heen published
However, the rem: iv always che same. After
the penerracion, the meauen pat and
‘eo eed eo cho a awiocks foro er aE
the wone possible moment ig beat ane
burning your hands co look a the coin

After years of prlall and error, 1 came up with
what Ughink isa neve adca for this coin plos, In-
seca of having che fscuson che onin, | came yp
with art idea no pat ibe focus on the whject thar
vou. penetrating the ein; in chit case, a signal
dallas bill As oppoced bo a cipareece (nor many
senake amore) ona pen pencil, » bill
cas be marked fy purring a srk or signavanc
oo che bill, you are making ic more imporrans,
and it becomes che focus of the penerrarion, ax
wgposed co.the coin This rousing includes en al-
tematie: ending, which ia very ihe: ancl mary
be preferred oo che original banefling,
PREPARATION: To perlorm ibis roctine yoru will
seed a Mressley Guiezr (Lap quarter Gath neve
era eben teeth see partes,
anil Sharpie. Mace che palfed coin inn
the lef packer, onl che real marching quarter in
pOur Figs jectes along with ghe Sharp, anil

jvou ame peady to begin.

200 RUGINS TION COIN Mile

PERFORMANCE: Say, “Magicians rach as [miel
Copperfield, Chris Angel, and Fon and Teller
foret ameasing fee i bur it tan cur
dreds or corn phous of dollar 4 gennirect and
perfonn am ibakon f can penrm an ifhinion j
camiitng: ie: for ac inde it buck nore flac?™

Ak if it would he worth $125 co eee 2 forase
tic dlusion.,...vou will need no use thelr mom:
ry. hur they don't have co pay = you
cay ee arden roe he shion
ch ieee yerue ta aa i ing for seme-
thing, clase: palming, the galt in your bef, squar-
ter shle againas the palne, rel finger palm the
teal quarver in vera: tegfet. Aak-ne benno a equa
ter. Take it wich year right hard, andl qpickly
look ar iroo soe if ie'sa duplicwte af the geil Ge,
~ the old caghe backed quamer, noe che newer
stare quarter), Ask also oo borrow a dollar bill,
‘Tey to pet a second person co fend you rhe bill,
fo eet ore be trveved ini abe rourime. Tell
ahem thar the ition so amaring, chat they
will seed eo sign the bell in order to convince
them. chat fey che very bill chey lone pou,

Now (if che quarcer they. gave vow wal a wean
coer (this woe't enacch che gaff), pretend to
foo the left bond bor inwesd performs a
noodifed Thu Asim Satie. Turn your right:
hana! palm iereard and aheembs palm che quarcer.
linmecdianly place your chamb agains che coin
ta figer palm armel cxced the Fingers, Take this
coin outol ibe right hart with she ox
leit Fingers tphoto G26) The left palms Faces im-
waned say the gall in classic paler eartt he acen, IF
the coin they gave yee wa the old-style quarter,
you wort neal no perform a avinch. Imtcad,
just coke ic wich your left fingers so thar the
classicopalmed gulf can't be seen.

One che cain is in your felt hand, cure it palm
down and boli the coin eh ol remy
lew of which coin it pleoed inca the Itt hand,
alter the franifer imenedianely place your right
hand inew right pocket, having the extra
quarter an bringing our the Sharpie,

Altow dhem-nocsign ibe face of abe bill, (hike
they ore signing the bill, periowen 0 nndifica-
tion of a move [call the Ojflwar Suirch, as fol-
lows: Bring: your hands segether, muming. year

é-hand palm up undermeach che palm-diren
lett hard, Groep the gaff from classic palm onvo
the grit herr right fingers (photo 6:17),
Mine the Bande apart, Tater back che Sharpie

CHAPTER FIFTEEN = GARADD CNS BOL

with che fi hand (ihe justification bor parting
the galfl ince the right hand} and pat borh the
Sharpie amd finger-palmed coin ino the Def
pecker. ‘This leaves your hands clean, excepe for
che gaff ahar is lying on the fingers of tho jpalsn-

up righa hand.

Scill holding the gal in your right harsl, rake che
dottar ana roll it inge-a tight sraw, sigearure on
the inaide. Ff you have a table, you can casually

the galFderan while vou soll the bill Hold
the volbedd. wep bill wieh wousr Deft hand like a pen-
pth up panned ars
tipsod che pal firsc and second fingers,
arte. hued Oe che cenorr of the ose.
The cop of che dlp should ihe facing coward che
first Finger, che base coward rhe thind finger wide.
Par one ond.of the ball ema under your chomb
anil it slightly into che gall, Press dewen om
the bill crdl wish your right thumb, which ex-

pands the end slightly eo cover any opening of

the bake. Release che bill shewly with your beft
hand end terewe dhe viumls co chow char che
bell is mew aicking up atan from the coin
[photo 6:18). Remark char che bull now books like
the Leaning Tower of Msa amd will stay in char
position. However, wich a licthe push you can a-
tually male ir js through che com!

Grasp the free end ofthe ball wich vour beft hared,
andl slowly cuier anil ihe bill so thar the
cranors can soe the. bill ponceradisgg cheough

the cosa, The ball ro ibn ae euits, and
ihetagh the space herween 1

first und

secur fi Cuthiels ‘slightly 1 accom-

pcadate the bill. rah laid ii th

the cole, hen curn ahe bell and coin oo chaos
rators can eee the bemgeh of che ball go

eee boch sides of the cob, Pur your

fingertip aver the Flaprno bide ir darring thi posi

iho calle hi Dliplry Posishie (phoee 615)

Biemark char cd poove thas bosh sides of che bill
ane connected, you will mask if wiah as arn,
Reach into your efi pockes, fimger palm che

real com, ang pull our she Sharpie again. Pot
am arrow oe the fo ate of che bill aed place
the Sharpar one the table. Keeping abe quar
ret hiddes fe yrur eft hand, concleme no push
the bill inte ube coin a they can see ibe arroe
poing through whe colm (photo 6201. When vou
pet close vo dhe end, show che bell and coin in
idacatr ana booverting the flap with the

ore eon trailer che
real — to freme-finger-tlip pamicion,
bereren the middle coe firgers.

Gaver the poy apt hale pe Aaa
thursh, Bring yoer left bared wader your mi
icier ting the geal coan Ineo: right Tenkai {eals=
dalled Goshwunl pinch (photo 622) Simula-
neously’ group the borrem end of the bill with

woor Jef firs finger and thumb. Pua she he
an the way thoagh the coin with the ri
chum, and: with che left hand pivee the i
our af the coin aed hi ta the tepaf che
coin, Remowe fg ee eae tha the euin
has ne hole in it,

Lili the Lill in. a gesnare: nda agar amd
ay. “emery, before we bepan el ie fifusten you
sgn he bill *

While che amencien ison the ball, cur your
cighe hand inwand, classic paling alfa
bringing the Tenkai | nasal cenit tx
the fingertips, Give che ooin back tr the rewnee,
or just coe it ante the table, amd anwrap he
ball wish buch haesla Curing this action you
can load the gaffed enim behind ehe ball as fale
howwe: Soorctly url the sigh fingers aval drop
the pil frozen tlassic pales oo tbe ripe of your
fingers, fingerigercst posicior. Hold the ball in

SS AUBINSTEIN COGN MAGI

apour left hamad,, edge ta yerar belt. Hod ait
sweats geet tengers and ie your right
thuneb and irae finger co ured] the bill no your
right. After the is unrolled about halfway,
i the right fingersips under dhe bill, which
[racks che palf unddernesrh (anew S22 Tusually
secretly cramsfer che coin no dhe bef Fingertips an
U finith co anwrap the bill, Finish opening che
Dill eo nevesd the sigearure, Nope thas the idea
of trandering a coin from ame hand to the enh
ef amlercach 3 hill was taker! by Claveon
William Resencrance in che March iy issue of
the Splhymm Clyne Coin Vanish),

After showing thar che bill is the same bill
signed at che beginning of che reutine, fold ir
an half and room ito the specganor, Make sane
net rmcveal che pabfed cain, which stays hidden

in the loft hard in fi re Sarr,“

Fstet rower ball frum eeakee fi a Kove
Jpour quuarees, Rape ety snark (peck ie up with
the lett hand and place irinie your pocket ston
with the gall, and ew hare oll hoa a nice
manent”

FINAL THOUGHTS: Signing the bill and ralking
abour the face char ir was signed it tales che
heat off the gall, the ewieches arc all done om che
allan, a hook cenpey for thy on
Hire romtine, You don't neod to bento the «par
ter in order sted being to jesen a awiteh,
bur 1 think che rouries plays beever ancl ix lew
narpicioes iP ewerthing i horrrwed,

‘Wheee is an albermacive eniling, thas |

iginally
fae of Apes
1 pega Ciparenee Coin Chan Up, 1
a elgareore cheu quarter routine, However,
fe can be adapoed no this rowtine and is easier
pe-excoune than the handling. Hold the
seer in the aeateicas! in ot
chip petition, The Oill is going through abe
ag che cxpcemed fingers sla eee righe
hand. Geaep the top ofthe rolled-ap Pa with
ihe left dumb and fest Gnger, and ckraty pull
it out of che gaffed quarter. Make a couphe of
emall cleeles with ghe hill ever che faer of the
ff so yeor spectaeors cai soc war chore iH
Fa. ‘The hands are now close eogether, Bring:
your left hand wich abe bill 1 the righe send on
fone of abe right hamid co pum be osine ghee ra
ble or co give it noyour speccaton Ac che same
time curt che right-hand palns dow. Secrechy
transfer the paffed cain po tmecr palm and eracp
the hoel-clipped ooim with the right chum and
First fingertip tahee 29). Pull che real quarter
oud of left-hasd hoel-<lip position as you finish
turning your right-hand palm duwn and pur the
coin either enn dhe sabbe or just hand it go your
spectatar Open ehe bill, showing the signature
to finish.

This isa very illusive ending, and the switch fer
the real quarter is iewitible.

published in che

SMILEYS

This pouring is fas qe dla anal ix geear for kids. Ie
involves changing an image drawn om a coinard
changing the cain ingo a yellow Smileys face
no end che mowsiee, Ie oigiecalby sited ae oO
marketed igem, bur laterwas pl on Wohume
Eight of che New York Coin Magic Seminar
(YL series.

PREPARATH: ‘You will nocd a few special
items, First, you need a diubledacrd Kenned:
balf dallas, ikewing the cxact same fee ae
dace an cisher side of ibe ein, The Gee of the
eon dheukl be ie che saene dircerion on eicher
(for example, the dare om cach of the faces
fe im che same place if you cum over the coin,
‘You willl need vo drew Smiley face-on the coin
with a black Sharpée, Draw wee eves level dors),
and a emiling mouch. Ce cea! dot is next a
Kennedy's eye. The other is juar behind his brad
atthe same level aa che Fire ‘The mile in a
simple line chat gocs in-a semi-circle from the
" arund and abowe the dare bat below the
peck. pa dhe Lat che other side af the cin (pho
bo 64), Plog she cois ard the Shanpic imo your
eft rocker

You who need a halfdodlar-sized yellow Smiley
fiee and a chnee-inch vellow Smiley face. You
can find boch sizes of these yellow Smiley fec-
es, os rebrigeruzor magnets quite casily an the
Insernce. te large chreevinch coin will bbe held
underecadh che jacker in the back om the right
tide, with cither a bokleror a magnet. Vou can
oven pat the magnet into pour right rear pantie
pecker and attach ihe ovis po that. The coin ix
attached with the design sideways, che mceath
eundng up the lef ie af the face. “This way
whee you gral in with your fingers poinaing

CHAPTER MFTEEN = GAFFE COINS 303

demand, chen rorace your hard so the fn-
gem. poéne ro che left it will endl up wich che Face
poinging in the proper dincerion.

‘The hallsdolisrsived yellow Smiley Gee is in
righa-hand chaste palm. The emile’on the dine
fines up along che hoarth finger side of the band
(photo G25). Mone char if you have m in
the back of che halfbollar-sined Smiley face ace
three-inch disc, you cam stick it on che shree-
inch dine iemicadl of holding it in clissie palm
ana decal o off ar the appaopriage time. 1 preler
tokeep it in clawic pales, eo save a uipdown co
the hack af pour jacker.

PERFORMANCE: Tarn co your spectator and ask
them bew they are doing. After chey answer say,
*f feel grear roday, be yesterday I dichn’r kare such
a groar dry. Now jou inoar how seme people endir
their cmoticna on heir donee? Magician amc a bee
‘i ‘Nhe wear their cineckon on the cota,
will give you an example, bona | hase one of my
Rant dials: apdth ame”

Take it ous of your left pocker, making sure that
fe one sees che side with che smile. Hosd ir in
left-hand Spellbound position in for display
berween the dps oF your thumb, dimes amd sec
ond fi The unmarked side faocs ourward
Say, “Tdon't knew if pow ican oll, bur he digas howe
avery good diay pemenday, fe say be hard for you 10
sec, Boar # car cell hed feeding june Vibe # abl *

Place che cain ota the gable and remove a
Sharpic finger wor Jefe packed, Enplaie aac you
are going eo draw on his face a repeesencagion
ol bie he is locking, a0 your spectanor can see i
as well, Draw reo eyes Cowal docs), and a frowne
ing mouch. The eves are in the exact same spor
at the epes on the amiley side. The frown gore

24 RUDINSTOIN COON MAGIC

in asingle carving ling from che word *hn™ no
the word “Taig”, ancl as high as dhe chin (phate
(B26h Remark thar you knew how co make him
feel Det eet Cinecd to give ham a tickle.
Mick the coin egy weiah che righa hand are hobl ie
again in left-hand Spellbound pesinon. Exeond
yeur rigbr finger and bring thems ewer the coin
in che belt. Unater the cover of the fingers, couch
ihe right edg? of che enim wish your thumband
fp it over ao thar the image of the foe with
the smile ts now Being wp, Explain shat wich rhe
fickle, at enakew him hapyiy, Paden the fare anel
withdraw your-right hand ws the righs, revealing
thar (he frewit has beware a mile. Say, “hue
char gree yan a: serie hich meaker me coen happier

Af trad again, # can ger aa emen bigger seite.”

Qropvour right hare elightly, curl your fingers,
and release ¢ inal eae Smiley face enna
vrour Engertips, Extend yoar right lingers and
Place rour apie te back kth di » hold
& fat he Finysted, Brings vot righ haskd ence
sti iefecomenpineee pe eer
tighe fingers Execuse che classic Prod Raps vavi-
atom of che Edherare Viewer Color (han es Fr
taughe in chis book ender che secrian oe riking
he low Changed oo drop che ols ano che base
of che beft fingers when covered with the fingers
of abe right. terasp che Smiley face wich che lett
fingers in che same position as the half dollar
was held. fal the Smiley fage wich che right
fingertips and wishdraw wour right hard oo che
rip ts oedet te teveal the chang That unady

PEs qatie a reaction, whieh gree ene che miadi-
peetbon to abnoey mer ec hard ;
rab che choee-inch § face from. the back
aP mw coor. | corn ey body a bie oo che righe
10 help hide she morement of whe righe a6
Hold it in kind of a loose finger palm, one edge
against che curled fingertips, and che egposine

ec peesed impo che palm (photo G27). Say,
"Thar gare pow an com bigger emile, so vou shomd
getone back ds eetorn”

king your ti nal grrer the left a4 befire bus
perBorm ihe dare Shwe From Mew {lean
“Teeekore insert che halfsbedlse-ciaed Smiley Gee
ince Tight ahvamb palm (nore char the mole
themb palm used here isa bic differen cham abe
om used years ago by Sranyon), Brielle, omer
ehe small Smiley (ce wich your right Fingers,
thumt going underneath ibe Smiley face. Insert
the face inne che crorch of your chum éphete
G26). Mowe the right hard en che right, leaving
the dhroc-inch Seniler sine at the hat fogerchie

ae whe and


small Smaley face in thumb paler iphoto 629).
ewe dhe Linge dlise fa anen, ler it drop onea che
open ef hand, aver ibe half dollar. Secnerly
irep che dhumb-palnsed. seal Sri fice to
right finger palm, chen peck up boch the chece-
rai nia Psi apni! caeis wih
the righr chum and if Thsplay ig nos wot
specrarer, then pocker i e

FINAL THOUGHTS: ‘Whore are aeaciens hei use
of the chree-inch Sieiley face isn't practical. Im
those sinuazions, 1 just finds wich whe pooduc:
tion of che halladotlse-sined Smiley face. Which:
ever you use, the effect be bosh fun and srartling.

SMILEYS Jr.

‘This neastine is similar co Sealers but doesn’t use
the yellow Soailey fice. Instead of ming a half
dollar, a quarter ie borrowed Ber this reurine
‘The magic happens wish the coin of thee spec
taror, so in mary wand this grick, although fev
vitual, haxa loc morc impace, 10 aio bas the feed
a being more Empromgea, bur shere bs seme
proparanion tavibredL

quarter, showing a heads desin om beoth siches.
‘The design needs wo be patel aligned on
the two sides, so char che words “qmarcer hal-
far” are in the same locarion when yee torn the
roan aver. You alo need a nemmal ate quarter,
With = black Sharpic, draw yee at the face af
the formal quarter One eye in jum be the # oh ie
af Waahingioa’s eye, “The ‘ocher eve ia fuse
hind his huis, M. the owes as big dors, Make
emily af the bocrom of the coin, witha
seniclecalar line following the concour of che
coin and a line going amaighe across an the cop
fo Goin dhe ule ae semi-circle (pete 630)

You are ale going ta draw on one side of the
double-faced enim. Place raw cent in the exact
sand inv aber samme wiry yore eradke ahem on
he regular qquazecr. Make ascmi-cincwlar lise im
the zame apoe it em che tegular enter, bur do
Rotman brs aves the cop eam.

lm che mormal quarcer in whe wight
ign fecing ourward with whe open
os along che four finger side of your palms
fas with ¢ i a gots ne is pe Oa
Fi Palen che pa ng eat a
eee af che righs third finger. ou will ahis
need a black Sharpie. Place ir inte she wight
pecker, and you ane prady to begin

beet

CHAPTER FIFTEEN + GAFFED COINS 200

PERFORMANCE! Tien tis pour apectarur afl sik
them bam they are doeng. Alter they amewer say,

“f newined seeking very dmeercatieg. Tou kre how

aly that some people wear their cmenons on
their sleeves? Well, | found! car char people acnaally
loser rheir emononson their coins, For coample, fers
rok ar ome of pour oun cola Doe happen ne harer

aapaarrer?”
Daaene hae a fet, PAE Teach nog your right
pores to take aopim, and place che chm
ie-Feed cots on = Jef palm, design. facing
down. Ifsonneone bas her eo give 5 ise ke
iewith wour kind rend to place ia inne
your feht hund bur execute instead a. modified
‘Bobo switch chat] call the Phra! Grip Sarieoh tas
first raughe in che rourine, Masdy (opperstitoer
Tramportion), ax follows: Hold the coin berwecm
the peal pour right thumdh and firs: Siege, Ex-
cen che ferue fenger andl next the Ieitoes edge of
the horremed conn againar ¢he dike of your curled
second firgges, ‘The coan mira leans agaiene the ex=
tenuled Fiver finger. | call chix posinion Fire! Grip
Teeause your karl looks like a piscol, Grmep che
upper edge of che oatm with your chumb:
your sige hand) oer the bef, which open: palo
up wit curled to receive che coin. Tur
indi palm down, exrenbing the fen-
gers and releacing ibe finger-palmed palfed enim
inno-the fi al che pal [i i

Left hava, ~~
against the Fingers, At the sare iene serane i
burrwed coin into an odlpe-grig-lhe bh
pauirion, held by the thumb on one the
intersection between the sides of the fiesr anal
sovord ngers on che caher, As ya withdrow
‘wour Ti nd, continad co roman the edge of
‘the coin beld by che thumb downward, pur
the coin inco right fy palma, Lumedlenely
and casually pur yourr igh hand ince your right
pocker, lerving the harnewed coin and brisyeng
our abe Sharpie

your ri

306 AUGINS TER OO MAGES

Lock az che coin bi that you cam tell that
the goin is Becling: bib, Aah te person
recenchy had a tol day or a bad mament? Vou
will show the person whar you mean by drrw-
inga represenaation of what y pera see ail he esti,
Place the coin one the cable and draw the eeu
eyes in che same place axon the ocher coins, bur
instead of a somi-circular smibe, draw a serdecic-
efor ag the beans of the coin. Mace che
back Eom your poker, Hold the coin
ii rap hand Spellbound: position between the
niga of che dhecmls and firur rane Fingers, anal sad
tide Feing up. Say char in osder eo make she
coin feel herner, vou jet Bead a give ita Heke.
Exrend your right fi fingers aed bring them over
the double-faced onim Under the fi couch
the edge oF the coin batt Me right chambs, and
retare it owe, Make motion on che
coin amd withdraw gste da no nhe riphr,
showing thar the frown haa become a sneile!

Asdhey look om in surpriie, caiually drop che
lassie plese aa eich Nai ihe Hes al
the ri, ral Hiregpew, A Spal ree the finger.
Say chat ef yeu give che eoin anocher tickle, you
can ger an even bigger emile! Extend she ©
fingers, placing year thomls om abe-coan to bald

inst che fingers Being your fingers over
the left hand again, performing the Fred Kape
hindlingof Eduard Wieror's clanic Golor Change
ror the ay ai on Coins, Under che cover
eof abe ragha fi seorctly droop: the gaif enn
dhe Base of ther belt fingers and papake open
annie qaareer wich the left ehuenl onal Finger-
tips Make a rubbing mogion rhea mows pour
right bund po ibe Wate revealing chat aha amide
mere has become bigger? You cas pive chin back
fo your spectaner ne eric

FINAL THOUGHTS: In chis roanine che spectanor
gives yous coin, and you apparencly give ir back
to him at theond of the routine. Even though ir
faa differeet coin, ft won't be nosiced For gwo
arte Fing, no one qaactines their own oon

whee they lend it eu pou, Sooo, the Smidey
fee makes peeple haps Feepaeny they will
jasld ice the cute nod epoca

Finally, vou can get away wich new using a dow:
Ie faced! ‘The coin is small, ane the Shanp-
ic design ix bold, ao ie will peothablhy mor
notice chat the design of the coin is differen
heads verily) when you change the frown oo
aamile [you ike this comatly and a a bic of a
distance [rom yor epectapor. you can pee away
‘with i. Peccommsenal ghee gal ne be sume,

=

FUSION

‘The original ikraof haiing. one Carine ita ated beer
was markeral on a limiged baste im eqs bey Jay
Howard, Feame with the dea TM
in ry, pi insery froma che new-
ly released ane ible metal Italian coins,
and a go Lire steer malian coin. worked out a
method where Loould prese the gold insert into.
ithe bower value coin, narmbog it into thee higher
arveperkairl rorumecd From my studies in
Iealy ina 1 Bey noua ine Ga a aT
sg eh sewich Tismeas Lance
| also cante aut -with a half dedlar version, bur!
spate uae of a qaarees, | have been selling ir
or years at my Ferauscs and cmlime.

PREPARATION: You will spot a ve
micked: state quarter: The of thats
quarters ape all che same. binge he a haa.a
imbedded [mins side, taileside facing oua-

‘ror ipa BSL). This way yu can't wells which
sat wn the quarter, anil sinee the date
of the peemy iton che heads vide, iris mot seer,
‘That beer pope ing org You will
alo need a that marches boch rhe col-
or and aid oslon of its inubeddied one (ihe
newer pennies havea shéeld om the hack insprad
of the Lincels: Memoeial), and a state quarter,
Ideally you can borrow the coins, bur | like on
unm own ox make wane ibey march che gall,
The matching penny end quarter are in yentt
Sek: packet, rsined ethan ra aexpge
eter is chissic in right

iad at the beginning off dhe asick, adh ii
pei the pad im. Te start, reach into vour belt
woke eat ge remove a handBil of change. Re-
mane the quenter aed penny vn wane Do use,

table them ond pur the rest of the change away.

PERFORMANCE: Lice the quarter be examined,
Explain that the old-ayle quarters: were ver

the newer sate quarters are very sole,
since they meer use diffcrent mcaals. Take it
ae hare, obi he Rote
agairmt the oni phalanges of d right secomed
fiegger with che sbumb. Gane che iy DO Ye
speveston, Poin eat chat chis isan old-style pens
fv, aed che mews) used in these was a copper
ally that made she peany very hard.

CHAPTER FOFTEEN = OAFFEQ.OOINS 307:

As yin dlincust he . perform a move of
raecalhed thet ST Sein, Wing.jeer right
band ewer co the belt and cure ic palm dewm.

Resewe your righe themb off the coin, mow
held in finger palm by the curled second
finger. Tun pour left-hand palm op under the:
night and grasp che edges of che classic-palmed
coin with che nips eet thumb and second fin—
gene (photo 632). Take it our of classic palm anid
nun pour left-hand paler dover. They covies i rane
in an upside-stown Spellboure positing, heals

Hy
Clasic palm che regular rer, tall shh
against fang conc wnlane bu ie:

hard and corn your belt hand paleo up er
arpa in t Spelhosnd posirian,
imbedded peony side facing up. Immediancty
peat che eegulsr penne aan a eteectbe

prnny, so chae it icon scoveral anal
not accn (pete 33), Be wane to hold yorur hard
sbcady ao thar che peney dace ree. CMller eve
show how salt these new quarters pealhy are.

Lick your fir finger and rule ir against the
chur, 1 make te a bar sticiy Turn your right
hand palm up, extending your fire finger and
ourling inthe ochers. This way che classic ~palnoesl
eer cary soem. Mace re fone
nese 1 nor the pen-
we cage the os your hu its (photo E34,
classic-palnod woir coeewedl (Life sur ibasnds
(piste 635) and wishdeave your right hand eo the
ight, The penny will scay steached te your humb:
far a accord eo the tip due eo.abe The ene

308 RUGRNSTOIN COIN MAGIC

‘648

Reveal thar the penny hat been pushed ineo che
quamter, As move your right hand no che
ight. your fingers a hit and place the cip
of your thumb againse abe second finger, leaving:
the peor: there (photo &3G) Turn che righe-
hse palm doen and curl the fingers again a
that fa vv died onahe rip of che accom fie
pet. Use ther lef fires fireger en Aipy the terbectde
qharcer in Spellbound pectin around a few
imes, erting at side Perform the Chemin:
CRangeccer Fale: as fothewse Take rhe invhevlibee!
qparter our of left Spellbound peiran with ibe

pebo-down right Gres finger und ahuenb, ar che
same time expending the second finger amd droge
ping the pommy-oneo the base of che belt fingers
iphoto B37) Give the imbedded quarter wo your
Apeeators to examine. As ehey anc looking ar the
euin, scerecly push the penny wightbe belt chub
ap cos clipped position berwern the immer widke
of che fir and second. fingers Wroas-fiagesctp
position Ar che sone time, sécecby abo ibe
classic-palmed quaaeer in the right hand to fine

palm, tails side Facing oeward. Hold che left
anh socthar che fingers potnr co che right and
the sideaf che penny ix parallel ae che Elsa:

Take back che imbeulided quarner-with che right
Fingers. Peefornn 2 Thumm’ Fitn Sscitch as. fiolborwce:
bed it bry the rips al the thumb and frre Ginger,
Preven go place ie ingo the left hand Inetcadd,
ben fs che: elgha: Frese: ft aml abrarnls pal ea
the imbedded quares. [ abe tip of your
righe thumb againsr che real quarter, Extend che
right Angers and place che real qaarcer above
the ehpped peony heads side Going up, held
by the rina with che left crumb and Ba Finger
(photo 638). Remove che right hand, becring the
Hhumb-palmed coin fall co finger palm

Ask our specracor te belld his hand palm up
Dring year left hand over to his queseretched
hand ond give a litle shake. The penene will fall
ono bis firers. apparencly cig emer of he
qparcer, Drop che quarrer onpo bis fingers acd
haw himcxamine both ooins mend.

FINAL THOUGHTS: ‘This ix a grear walk-around
aeick, aval very viel, Wirth she mew amd od
quarters and new anu) old pennies in cinculs-
Hive, fie ene i's eiiter just bo have duplicates
of the coins hag make ep ihe ell rather than
adding 1 borrow enn. Bly making the choses of

coins soem moore fancbom, itmepaces che flea
of special coins being used

[Fyou are going oo have the galF manulaccured
for chit rourine make sure the face of the peony
is Chuah widh the foe oF the quarcer. (Fir i too
high, che ilheien of pushing it brie che qaartor

ts elizniniikal,

THREE QUARTERS OF A TRICK

‘This is bavically a curspilation of three effec:
patter Senileys fr, ie Bent Cov, ce
Alen threugh a Coin | developed this
routine primary beesune of the marked ball
cheough quater roucle, Whe golf ix only made
wich ofdl sevde qaaecens, amd I wanted po le able
dh ero worrying thar somes
might necioe thar peer me | vlabe quater
So, 1 came up with the idea of borrowing thee
quart, a9 no one would dhink abou which

roc belonged ro which perusn, Sines che ef
frets have aloeeds’ been cxplatned claurtere In
the book, f skimmed over. re-teaching the rou
tines. Ieecad, | ficused on ake rourining and
pecker mariagement od all ibe coins and gaits.
‘Vhis routine wat preseened on my zoe Penguin
Live Lecnare Tw cevariload.

PRRERARATION: tou will nocd to Macher Marne:
ere, made as described in Chapecr Sover. Inco
oof thom a bene quarter and place the
coin amd inpo che righe packer. lero the:
daher hodiler pace the Prevaley Chukar cheurecte:
though eesn gimmick, aged am old-acyle eaghe
back dheplicace of the fap galt Place thar into
your pecker, You will need a black Sharp-
be, which yea place lene your riphe pucker. ‘You
willl whe need ree email band aids and « small
hodder for them (you cam mur a business carl
heldorl On che freer of chicane | war, | put the
sign “Bend Aida". Inside che holdke behanil the
bang! aide isa uearc quarter with 2 umall hand.
aid and i, Place this holder inew
jour right pants pocket

‘Yea will alee need the double:faced quarter gall
used for uke Smileys fr, aeeck with o emile drawn
tigate ai see epidistathe
lorge smile downom cl a pert
hein bt up as vou did for che begining of
the Sooilege fr. nrick. The open-emile cole is in
right classic palm, design acing Seoearl wich
the smile alge along the fourth Fnper shbe of
spour hand, andl che gall in feger y dantibe=
sidhe Facing eurward,

PERFORMANCE: Say char you are po ony
perform theee quarters ola cick. In onder to
perform ir, hewever, you are going to nced three

goers. Clolkece ake abree quarcers anil halt

min your riehe hand ina stack berwoen the
tips of your right thumb, firs, and second fim
gers. Nore thar if chere iv an ohl-style cagle-back

‘CHAPTER FIFTEEN * GAFFED COINS 305:

qquarter in the of chree, make cure it is
left for che Lect erick fehe bill-ch er
rourirs}, ai thaw gall Ee only mack with che okd-

style quarter. IF you didn't get one, don't worry:
Noone knows whar you were given. Say thar
you are going code somedhing CIN a coin, TOs
coin, and WITH a coin

Turn tight-hare palm. clown over the palm
up left hanil, left finger caneeded eo receive the
coin, Pretend go place alll three ovina inno yeear
left hans bur recain one againse the fingers with
the aight dhambs, Diep the remaining owe oon
ano the left palm, seorecly also deupping che
dowble-faced gaff once your behr Fingers Cemile
side face downh, Place all the coine ig thay
design on che gall facing down) ongo ibe talhe
we your raik emotions on che cing, Make
surclrou kre which isthe double-feed galied
coin, Finger palm the neesaixing nogesal exer in
the right hand Push the rao nornall coins off
to the right side, Reach iene your pocket, heave
the benwwed quarter and remove the Sharpie.
Make-a femvning Gice on the gaifed coan. Hebd
ia its beftchaeed SpelBbsound posiston and perform
the Smileys fr. rousing, changing the frown inva a
smile. Instead of follwing wish the Spellbound
more sased inthe routine, however, when-yeu
bring vourright band over che coin im left Spell-

posision, faut chum palin aie galt ane
leane the open-emile-feoe com in-ies place. Dog
the chusnl-palmed coin tn Fingee palm, Chive the
open-amibe coin back no one of whe epectacors
aril plage che Sharpie snd the gaffed coon ince
the righe . Levee oem, anal secrecly re=
ene the cols brow che holder, bolding ir
in finger palm,

Pick up cmeof the borrowed coin with tbe
right hand and perform a srandand Robo Serirch
palaprdg decir ime the tele _ petaitte
ing coin again she fiagencips
wah ithe thier Imsnedisecty tenater oe bor
rowed cain to right Ginger palin after the rock
Bee the oodn aa in che coueine-and drop in once
the able, Reach eau your righr pants packer,
leave the borrowed coin and remove the packer
ed Rani gids. Remove one wich che left hand, ee-
erethy also removing the colm with the Iam aid
wopped around ic Mold ir in belt fheger palm.
Wrapthe band aid aroand the beencoin, rossi
the paper from che Band aid eo pour ele,

sha eet Ge fe ane right hana! and perfores a
Shuntke Mass, Place the real coin with the hand

210 RUBINSTEIN COIN ARAGIC

aid onpo che cable and press dco sruighnen i
our. Give this co your specumrer, telling him oo
lowe che band! aid on a few seconds before re-
moving it and che coin should! be fine. Pick up
ike packer with your right hand and place it
aalioeigg wtih che bonr coin ince your puri Bint
pocket. Pick up iby papers an fe

and place cheen ingo your left pockes, sccreely
removing che cigarette dheough coin gall. Holl
a in the efi hand ts fingertiperest pemitbon, gal?
side Facing wp.

Pick upehe last borneeed coin with your right
hard Ask po borrow a Hill, and camzally per-
form a Shasele Hp dharani Coin in ry

finger Int ark Placing i vee the
ide Teche tbk, re Arg awit. Fleach inte
your right pocket, dump the lar borrowed cain

and bring our the Sharpe. Performa the routine
as described, accept place che Shurpee imo pour
left pecker after you mse in. This way, yor com gee
the duplicane of ihe galf our of che holder when
jeu ge hack jane your pocker at the end af the
nawtine eo get the Sharpie,

FINAL THOUGHTS: ‘his is a really nice way po
combene akree tenall pricks ino a Vintage, Berar

Piece rouring. The packet eramapersent i hey,

amd the holders enake all whe difference. IF
apou wane oo gabetiere dhe erick Purics for che
Marked Bill Tirowgh Qaarer routine, ic would
work jusr aa well IF will Seave it oo the reader to
figere our ibe clight adjaermenas for the ewinch,

HEY FOBULOUS II
the heakey egret for ey Fobulouar wax con-

Jim Maney and markeced with on
original reatine be Dae Gartect, Dan ger ene
pemesicdon eo market em cts reatine with the
ig back inthe cighticn, and scr any year

per has again givens me permission io reprine
my rooting here, My routine bi very different
from the rouriee ariginally developed bay Cran,
‘The prope you need co perform chis effece are
always ah po, making this a noarine you can
pretty mach hes at any time, Alchough he Kiey~
y gimmick needed to perform this rousing ix
fio fomgeer om the market, (Dan hav alkrwed me

tor explains bow go make ix fir chose whe are in-
tereited, The cfhoce ix that a signed half dollar
is covered inva besinest cand A heey chain ith:

acopper coin on uke fob ia given toa ipocraten
co wave ower che card. Whea che card is Fifted,
thei ooin bs seen under che-card inerad af
the half dodlar, which is now soldered cena the
fob held by che spectator, Thee rouriee has been
modified slighth from che original version, co
make the harulling a bit easier,

PREPARATION: You nocd a men’s wallet with a
epadir carl ep gemiene (rhe type that is car-
Hee Igoe Fe pocker), sans aes carl rads,
English Bai anda dheeq of white 53"
fae adhesive stickers. You willl nen a Sharp-
fe or pen. You will also need a plmteniched key
fob, This consists of a bleacher key fob, usually
meade with a plastic or meral round charm. tris
amached tothe fob by a ring char goes dbroagh
aomall leather tubs, You can find ches: by do-
ing an Ieterney/ Amare search: under “leacher
key fob", teardrop Teather key ring”, “wholesale
leather hey fob?) or “leather ey hb kita.” You
will alu need a Seowh and sas jenmick, bt
is made up of a half dedlir shell that fie over
a gimmicked coin inser, shew an English
ny once skde, amd tbe buck of the half del
Liou tcodien whe nesned. pogether, it looks
like a half dollar (photo 630) Nore char chere
are Seotch-and-Socda sev chat have a Mexican
Somtawe ain iniocad of an English penny. Either
of then will woah,

Yous will asec oo find a leather worker or jowerker
who can anach che cokn te che fod seach like phe
rene rage Dused no see bail a rectangular
a piece of metal (chaped like a thizk sta-
ple, bur much honger} soldered co thet back of the
coin at che ewe long ends. ‘The shore side went
throwgh the beathor ube on ibe fob (photo 640).


CHAPTER FIFTEEN = GARTDO CHS ali

Because one end ofthe coin is soldered onto che
Foil, pons soon: nocd 3 Baaag ting to ernie
che ahell. You ear pe pe i ot ry rable
che’ Of the soldered set beeween ake bam
und side of che curled fire finger: IF vou peal up:
on the chumb side che shell will pop off the ine
eere. Ie my be hued code chis with a mew Soonch
and Soda een, so you may have 1 pur it on and
pop it off several gimes po hoor: le up jusea bi.

Bus some keys onto the ring of che key fob, arul
thin iinco vor befe packer, Place che Sharpic and
Englits penny ine your tighe packer. Place
into the coaparment of pour wallet a couple

of butines cant: Rebind thems place a ahect od”

wickers cur down to much che shee of che cards,
and with che stickers Facing ourwend. Note thar
if your wallet lacks a compamment, pur every
thing in the onder listed in che section chat can=
rains vour balls. This goes back ims your back
pokes, and you are ready co begin

PERFORMANCE: Reach into your packer and
pop off the shell, Remove is frors wolar pockee,
Vanish and reproduce i¢ a ceaple of times (rat
fering anyone see the bolkrw aide) 2nd offer no
teach your speccinor bew co venish + coin. Hace
the shell one che rable ond explain thas there
isa "hey" co vanishing a cole. Renee your hey
chain. and remaek char eccually, there are a bot
of keys! Pont our che English perme ahae is ace
tached pa che ks ab and explain re the: weal
sooner iat ina vt, Era inn the becky copper
ein artached oo che bob, This lucky coin cam im
part aca! magical powers oo the owner, and you
want tesbare shar abaliey wigh she apectarer

Place che key chain onao che table, below che
shell, so char the keys poine co tbe eight and che
side wish che English penmy. showing ts facing
up. Explain chas if the coin dizappears ane reaps

pean in anonber location, one might nos belicee
thay it it the same coin, As-eoch, it will be im-
JPertact eo pura mark om it. Pall ot your wallet
and remove the sheet of acickers, phcing them
wnco the cable,

Explain tha ve help in vanibing he cain,
vou will also need a buskness cand. Hemove is
from your wallet and place it ompe the cable
as well. Replace your waller back into your
pecker Reach int: your right pocker, secretly
firgor palming the Engldh: poany and nemeae-
ing the Sharpie, Have your tapor initial ior
saark ome of the wtickers on the sheet. Place the
Sharpie Ineo yeur left pocker when dhone, Peel
the sicker off the sheer when marked aru! place
ft on the shell

Secredky mrunsfer che penny co right fingertip
peas. Pick up che business card eth che heft banal
and place ir over the penmy, holding: book with
the right hand berween che nips ob abe thumb
arul owe fingers (pho @44). Make cure che

ney upper half of whe card. Mick
up the hell and bokl i: on the conceded fingers
aF he paln-ep left hand. Explain char im arabes
ta sanish the hal dollar, vou mecd to fire cover
je with ahe end. As you day. chis, domenserace
by placing Gc umdee ahs vied is the right hand,
below the penny, Chnee under the cant seenctly
ura the chell ower sa thie the hollow side i Fic


312 AUMINS TEIN OOM MAGE

ing outward (piose G42). Make ware it clocin'r
hit the peney during this action. Take che card
ani pene with rhe felt hand and place thee
oqo the table, Revain the shell in right oe
polis. face againie the fingers. Make cure «
they bear the ponny hie the gable, se ahey know
chat there is a coin underneash che curd Pick
up the fol with your left bund and cransfer ix
to your right, draping the keys over your fin:
gp ls ede of vont beset aa insert over the
shell (photo 463). In chis position you ca

che insert ipo tbe hell wich your belt harnd, The
jangling sound of che keys should hide any un-
wanted noise, Remoe the bef hand ase hold
the fob in place with the eighe chunsh

Explain thet is onder co enake ahe coin vanish,
our epecoror seedk oo wave the ker: over che
ward. Take che fob with he befr hand, shwmbs
under the fob an che coin, Fingers.on cop. Hand
inte che speceator feoin Faces away From hieb
and have him wave ibe keys ewer the cand, Have
thins Lift the carl. He will be surprised 13 see ihe
Englis ponmy. Act manprised and say, “Well, EF
abe Emglich penny is under the cand, where: ix
hse hall della?”

Hive hina look at the fob nev see his sigaed half
dollar. Peel off the sticker and place irom your
card, handing oor as 2 souvenér of a magical
moment.

FINAL THOUGHTS: The appearence of che En-
glith peemy i is apuite startling, Socieyg tbe signed
ein en the fal is over more af a gorprise. Yeu
can finish by explaining thar nor onby did he
reuke the ooin vandich, be did one beer, Placing
the sticker on your lininess cand chen handing
in out, makes it a bir eneene persoeul, and fewer.
lasing impresion of che wonderfull magic just
wib

GOODBYE, HELLO, NOW CHANGE

This is a courine chat could have beer placed
faothe Prodioctions chaprer, the Copper-Riecr
chapwer, or chin chapeer. | ultimarely deckded
cher | shold place it bere, become you med oo
use galled colina for che fade, Ir is ineeresting
bocamer ofthe eochnigncs uscd. ‘The fire phase
uses the Tie Aphied pri bel tk and in inacll ix
wy imercwing, The weenie phar offers a way

seduce coins fem sccmingh enspry hands.
wtibeieg aeveral differene a levies Each af
the ier phases can be perlormed, if levied, ai
eeparace rearines. This moaning has never before
bern in print or on any DWE.

PREPARATION: For che First phase of the routine
yourwill noed a coin purse and reo half doltare,
bay sar poor is ket. You will -
fool an gical dollar, a copper Englia
penny, ane three copper) siloer evens: thas saath
the obher codne in ver fer eis reutise, fie the
soci” phase. Pur the coins inne 3 stack ax fol-
dows frons pop co bop: Te chee 2/3 coir,
coppercide up, che half dollar, and finally the
r penmy. This cack is placed inco your
vig i pocket. Toe prevent chem from separating,
p them in Michael es Comp Oip as
in photo G44 (sli inv holder, dropper,
er chip that-will & fe i mee i he
mind). Youcan ever keep aber in anepen Cine
fw ghag will hold [rer coins, bur in reverse or
der, This way you eazy tern the hem over in your
banal po duenpeoue che coins, ace che coin will
come out inthe order cha is mecded Pur 4.emall
fubber baru around le bf mecesary, eo boll ibe
coins inside. You can quickh pop in edF ar abe

appropalare time.

a

ae

PERFORMANCE: Remove the puree, Chace it anal
dump the reo coins inge your right hand at che

hase of your fingers. [ka mat bee a sec how
many coins yu bave ba vue hand Place che
prone back itie pour packer

Phase ONE: Coc ane Vanish

“esr ane rere sing te perborm my Gombisanien
Came From Chater Five da cao 98 four oouns)
ino your efe hana. Birkethy, ne the chek pi
druright finger-palm posision, fingers curbod ane!
eae inward. Paih che op coin no che sep
ed-your firar Finger with your thumbs, Turn your
right-hand palres wp ard place she goie one abe
palerap bet hand poet belim the bate oof iB see
end Anger, Reraee your right bared feos abe
defi and turn it palm down, sh the Ber cob
yt the middie phalange of ube firs linger, so
ba the upper riers ocin se annutes ta
rons the side of the firse finges. Perform be Dis-
empancy Steal vo seceerly ake back the dors con
ad follows: Potace che palm inward and carcesd
abe cghe firse anal socom. fi aa they paring
wa che left. Wink che side of dhe right first fin-
ger facing up, place the her side of your tighe
Eroid Fane Tight in frome of dhe cobs ae abe
hase of the let second finger. Punk the coin in
athe sigh Bese vee rer creer the edge of the
ight firae finger. Let ic fall over the firs finger,
‘Micling uleviers the hack of ehe right firse ad secs
soul fir to: land om the elt fingers, Lower
ihe right chuenls, and secretly inser inunder the
five cote, Lever bt up-eo char the face of this coin
Prestes gainer the frrer and second fingers

Teme: the righr hand wich the just-sralen cen
and carn palm diwmmard, chaing abe left hand
inni a boose fiat eo thar the amaune oF caine (ae.
vaally ane) in dhe hand wert be seen, Insenedl
apcly push this olen eoin go che side off the fra
fingertip, so it looks like a third oui |e come

HAPTER FIFTEEN = GAFFED COINS 31d

ing inno views Opeth the left hand wih Fingers

oalal Holding she af che aia eevee
the (hums amd gide ef che fore fingertip, roman
the righedised pales upeeard co hie dhe cole in
che kele haral with the be of the cain,
creasing a “clink” Don’t bet goof che coin. Tern
your right-hand pain down, and ayer class the
left hand excoure the Kubineerin Fidget Move to
rotage the voi areand che cip of ihe bere Fin
iat Bad in ahe Firec Finger aad rosiee the face af
the eein ane the nail vl the Fre Finger with the
thuseh, ¢ sraup the Bee ale oP the copies atin ly Pe
tip cif che decorul Finges, clipping che coin at the
tipa begween che irae and sovesd fin Place

rthomb underneath the coin sant pra the
je ofche eck apse the hall of che firse finger,
‘This noraces the coin around che firggcrtin

When che com comes around cethe ball oF your
first finger, open the left hand ence again orb
the righs-hard. pals upward, eeting the avin
roll over che fire fieges and openly fall once the
firse coin, creasing a “clink” (make sere chan no
ont can see how many coins wre acrually in the
left hand Clase che left hand, meee suppacueallhy
Gaining fr cone.

Open your left banal jure ciough so that en can
ee shah pa of ake uppormins coin
andl push ir eo che mi phalanges of your frat
finger. “Tio che qein in the ar ard eanch iv in che
ioe right hand. Chee your right hana ineo a
rat, han it palin, erase! fring dhe coin
oe hare tips pesigion, As yma catch ibe coin, curr
our teft-band| wlown ac well and cransfer che
remuning coin og dhe chp of your second Finger.

nto tun your right-hand palm up. Bring
tira Sree ih wie amul grasp the
cain in heel clip with the chumh, pressing ia
againe: abe coan on the tip of the scoond fim
ger (pete G45). In a continual accion, linich ro

314 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC:

tasieg the ‘erie ning deel day the wri
reice with ale coins is rhe lefe hand. ‘he ewins,
vovill be slightly faemed, bur dom’t call aspeseion
ro bow many coins you have. To che audience
you are rapping with all chree ooime. After a mice
amont, open the right hand eowhow thar che coin
has vanished, for che ema coin, this Is
ementially che LartaScornt Weise Heel Clie
stay earth reat aero to

a Kaufman book Coimmagie itself basal on

“Arar hckley Hee! Clip Sepel From Bie np
beck: Princigtes anil Decepisens),

pen the left hand with fingers curled, ooing in
awackoon the palm. As che hand opens, place
seer cenmided right fingers-over chem sothar che
amennt of cains.on che palm can't be perceived.
Bick up the cop coin with che finger on top,
thumls usderncath, at chat che reenaining coin
ant be sega uradler che henge. Turn ear hard
Leas paint prin the
eh Chae wom jure on pour
totots The Ion hides firamentent
anderneazh, Tarn your hind over end
coin underneath two: dienes. Ons the tay
hoveever, secretly replace che colm on tegrol
fines as ghee
inci as Wir stil che codn
Syewupcase the coin. (chose che bok

rales emacs oaray: Tis is Eric a)
Ferny Tyco

_ your right band. ineo a five, and cure i
ore Far vest the bao cols in che Ife Kand

the right wrist ewice ae before. ‘Whis
tine, Rincon keep the coins fined so chat
the weocoins ure clearly seen. Alber a esoment,

open the righe hand oo show the second vanish

Take one of che coins with the right Angers to
display ihe coins af che fengertips of rach hand
‘Open your hands pale op and cxoced she fir
Be Sort soln no sing on: he: nett
Remark thar the nexe va 6 wets Fines
Mace che chums oe che coan in the left hand-and
ened che fi straight wp, showing the face of
the coin cod eg tr coe
THIS coin, you will wise che pambh ef

Ag you tafe dhe ooin eoulivplay ic coyour aucli-
nec, yoo are drawing atgencion away From che

hand. Guring this misdirection, eransicr
the cots ist he right hand ga MP, Grip, Brielle,
turn yer tight hhaeel inward and clip che oer

-hiaareckae ep hiatal
rasp the Opgensine the coin with che
duisband toe kapeted sibedd eivantclec
gri-like position berween the chomb and ex
Paar ol a tg san right-hand palm down
ened the first around ahe coin. Move:
ae pt yu ho off the cvin and womch

rips Aw vera say yon will pede
ol vans patie g vipa a ie the thus and
second fi rab pn ea it leks lilo: the cum
has vanished fron the hand. Cio nat proc, based
‘your bet ink ttch ic the anadi-
ake look of your empey pale. Drop your

Sond, curling chic fing and allowing he
son Gripe be om tbe fingers
fipet in tight rtip-rest position. Say, "thar
rgd osha bin ae

iy Wchapeee re
follows: Ta ar hold hall dollar ait
che cipsol'che chumb, firs and second fimeerof
the palm-ap left hand. The Hie of the exin ia cis
ra n eoang the Tian your right-hand
Up cere tu torward tee right.
dA che same rime umm 1 efehand Pl oe

anal over the onie an the expensed

‘ipa on vide rept ween. Tec mle
the righ iret fing i lower
, the ents in dhe bei hark, Withdraw the
er anapping the left-hand coin againag
he righe fiempers, grb ‘ial press the Face

‘af the cain ar the righa agers the i
iti iy te 4 os Grasp he

coin en che right fingers wich abe © par
Ac che same time, che edge of ahe cein en
the loft hand. with fe thumb Seperare the
hands, the left hana the coin char was
justin the eaghs hand, che right hand holding she
eon thar was pag is the lef hand.

Follow up chis mave wich a hand-washing-aepe

digplay ext ahr both siskos oF che woin. les prar-

pene fs aliete give the impression chat the hands

aft empey excepe foe ake eoins an display. Can-

Hirst from dike enomieet che hasels weparage. Tue

the right-hand palen down, ing the ool te
% Phe dy

the cipoof the firse fimger wie mb Aur che
same time, finger palea the coin in the left hand
opr hd ap brat the coin beeween che
rips of che belt chumb and firer linger. In a con-
tinwal action, tam the beft-hared palma down, and
take the enia with che cipa al the thom and fire
Finger of che palmeup righ hand.

Perform an apparent Retendion Pass leew the left
hand, retaining the coin: ie che raghr. Crumble
the bett fi s, then open ic and scr sen toed
ar dhs Goel Gites Aa pease leh
hand, mansfer the coin in che right hand to fim-
ecr palm Remark thor if ic doesn’: po che fires
time, it invariably goes che second timc. Take che:
coin four the: left and perform the Retention
Pass again, quicthy sliding the coin dete che coin
already in right finger palm. Execute the Croisad
Asma Subrlery [Chapocr Five), trarafirring he
fingee-palmed cons io Mowhene pale as yu
cree. your seme (right arm under the Beli} is a
geseure, nebbieg che Eingers ef each haead againse
the chumb in a qnembing enon. ‘To pur the
coins ime Nerehere palma, grasp the edge ol the
cooing cheese ibe fire finger with che thamls,
and lever them upward and ever no thee shine Fin-
gee. Gard che third Finger arcwnd che rina of thee
Soraahd tare the drank aif var edigs which
pean thom ine Nowhere palm. Liners she arms
anil apes boch hands showing a cuenpleee vanish,
‘The right hand opera coward the asclionee, with
the feng quad Fingers expended curmeand, The coang
ba Nowhere palm eae't be seit, and 2fl fear ecires
have apparencly yarakex! consglerely.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN * GAFFED COONS 315.

Phase TWO: Production & Change

Remark that all ihe coins have vaniched Bur
ahey over po toe far, boomer the fond isin your
pokes. Reach ince pour righ: ses and leave
the ewe halFdollars. Remsenor the speck of ectine
from the ely, halder or dropper ar just pack
them ep i nes device was used) and the
seack iin finger palm, Aa you remawe vour haul
from your pocker, push the qurermonet C/S- coan
cooyoar fingertips, 30 char wher che coir ke seen,
the sibecr side is showing. Mave ir enna your

tt left palm, silver-side up. Extend-your right
foe Ree and point no ie with your right hand,
rearetirring he atack ro Nowhere palm as yon

ine, Explain chaq you will use che fier coin oo
ind the second! one.

Pick ic up winls the tips of che wight abumb ana
secorl finger, 9 thor he hard | empey
excepe Gor chis coin. Creseure ‘with the Bef. burned
so ican be seen co be powlly eenpey, chen choae
oe a fina. eer mabe oan the hand,

ic im show ghar ir is wai re. Pause
fer a pep: then amide and sary, so cut, you
seed! rovtaaye the oni omer THES hated.”

Gesture with dhe coin mn che righr hard co chet
ance again the hare is seen bo he eanpey, thers
wke che C/S codon with che let hard aed close
ihe right inne o fret, an abe same time eranisder-
ring the stack back ao finger palm toopper she
ofuhe C/S coin facing carward). Wave che fs
soimover the right hand. then push che nears
sole te the tip of che right fires Aioger with the
hambs, sibecr-sidke dhowing. Display ir to pour
auiensee wiih trees Painting upward, sack
hiddken én finger palm.

You are now goieg eo porcoem a slight variarion
od Hill Cavino's Toss Click Pass from his rouriee in
thas book. Tum vour left-hand pales downward
ewer the righe and extend che fingers, holding
the coin bebind them wich che chuenb, The keft=
hard acon gives the llusion char abe com is
being dropped From tbe left hand inna the right.
Aribe same ime. ilop che coin from dhe ripe of
the right Fingers embo the fieger palms seach, ere
ating 2 “clink” (etee G47) Ut apprare ax iF both
oging were dropped ineo the eighe hand,

Tomediacely pas the top qo C45 oie go ihe
Fingeeeips im a fan, sthersade showing, Ck
the left bund inoo a fize and wave whe Jan aver
the hand. Qper in co reveal the third (2S coun,

216 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

silver-side showing, Transfer in va the loft im-
gercips, still showing the. silver side, Place the
other rev coing inte che icf, creating a fan of
pings all eg te silver side. fou ee
imp ue an emiginated

bw | ri Hiasey and abnice pe oe eae
ers, Explain chat oe ibe coun of chore, the new
coin will appear hy ges ngertips. On “three”,

sh. che silver half to ips.
ar the same time geome ig a let hah
then ace pacerhed char it it mot there. Bring
right hand inoo view holding the ovin, and say,
9] didnt wry WHECH fingertip.”

Ture your Iefi-hand palm up, remove the thumb,
and bert in abe fingers te place the three-coan
fn on che left . sibvercside showing. Tile
the hand sa char the coins speead coward the
Say, Point pede, ite ack, [r'e agree
i gp it should never be performed on a ere
alary, Because if you an the coins get a rarfeare,”

Brie ihe silver cake gt bat fecmaths ter blow

coin, performing whe dlede-in phase of
the ‘ane Mose (Chapeer Five) Briefly, extend
the Greet cars fingers, an with che chuneh drag.
the coin down the fingers coward the base. Then
curl whe fe and with ake themb: tip (eeert
the voin behind the copper coin, Blow on che
hand, chen perform the stide-ouc phase of che
Stele Mowe. paubing che copper onin so che right
eve pore oid the thumb,

fag Doe ee hand up rower escuth,

turn your fe ‘te and_cusd che

er ‘The colts fll aneo the fingertips, cope

Fate pee thumbon cop and oper

Bork ahha op fags extended. Use

z ‘hea ae he coins — ea
Mi, COpperes

de open cai an swing ht sraliee tpt orn

ipower co show the ocher side, This implies char

all che coins are copper on both sithes. Pick thers

up in awack wich ie ight hana seul paar theres
away to end,

FINAL THOREHTS: In che frre phase, per
form the Spellbound Changeones-Fate Narain
and Diplry, to show bork aides ok abe coin with
the bands ocherwise copy: Rote that you can
feu ee he Fingernipe Displer, which
does che same thing by «witching the coins #

fer che Changeover Palm, because the eyes
Fallow the same coin falthowgh the Shurcke Mass

ie probabty casierh,

Foo che List ovin, wos atremps terimake it vaciieh,
beat it docan't work che Arse ritse you tre, This
Beant sete up she sethvns for the second reten-
tos vanish. You could alos pois do he LOPS
meee, but | dbel chaz che feline makes neare cence
Ufyeu repear the same accion rice.

In the sscortd phase, the productions hay in
aliernanc hands. The cranofcrs wcll ihe face chat
the hanilsare otherwise cmpey, For che lauicoin,
Dsemetimes pet de the Slide Mace by waving
the ein ie che ale, Gillewedd by Loisa's Arigersip
Therl, | lie Dowd ing an the hand, haweren, to
ive cura mindirecteen bo hide whe change. ‘the
‘ingertip Tinie! iso nice mee, bur not ecesary
since yuu crop the cown ined che other hand andi
CUETL it over,

stare want eo shew beth hands empry exoqpr

rei seat pur the silver onin:
eee im alger the renitds irapped
into che ef band. Pick up the stack andl cxceuce
the Pore Fulet Subslery ov show the four copper
ecards im the w right Fas belie pruceieng abserr: all
away. Alternatively, vu tan craider the silver
coin ao Nowhere palin as you turn ovr the cop-
per coan in ae felt Fund, then pack ap all fou
and display chen ina fan berween the right
thumb and sccond finger. This war borh bande

look cmnpey.

fig

Practice does not make perfect.
Only perfect practice
makes perfect.

-Fiece Lonrbardé

My favorite magicians are

those who want to entertain me.
My least favorite magicians are
those who just want to fool me,

Jr Michael Menfarrectcin


Chapter SIXTEEN
MISCELLANEOUS

THE PURSE ROUTINE

Vahways try co find aricks thar can be performed
in aa feoprompu manner This pouring came
abeat sino: [always haere with me a paar with
four coins. As I developed the remtine, 1 real-
ined that 1 could cxeeed the magic bn siting
phases. ‘The fisse pease Samptiers the origin:
Treating, amd owes a debe of gratinude gy Gevd-
dpe, Hello, Wow Change, for a very similar vaninh
sequence. “Whe thar follow ane msochiler
and cam he pertermed ifdesined Whis resatine ix
done sarang, needing andy a spor po pat downs
the purse, tees never published before or
appeared on any fVT,

i gc ghar thorn che Grea
wf abe rousing is a Cohman- exin
sania femsr rare ep nap rani
yoo will moal pe wear a metal ring is swccdal ing
band works juice dime) “Uhe chind phase eae Ike
embellished, if desired Chur mea absohuceby nec
esary), by using a Bubinasein Ravke Purse im:
stead od'a regular Goshman-sryle purse. ‘This is a
gimosicked coin panse wish rem coins seu ince
the lining, By just shaking che purse, che sound
foes che coine clinking against cach other ope
ate the illusion thar there arc coins inside coon
Chong 1 dl gecesi Whether or noc
yim Line ft, Elie wish ie proceeds ihe saree wae.

Being ost che put anal hold it

PERFORMANCE:

elaxp side op in your left hand, The ielt side of
the pure fesse bi pesttaaned in the oraich af
wor thumbs, ar! yoast fegen eurl arcurd! the
aide of the puree eo hold che opqeeite ead of the
frame (photo G48). Ihe chusdh pains upward
along the side of the frame. You are now gui
wo perform che Purse Goonr, in which yeu age
parently remove four coins, but acroally leave in
owe, Open che clasp with your wight hand. Brick
fy regaie your left-hand ‘palm up oo show the
fide of che purse and ogins ¢o your audience,
‘Whe evans iboukd bean the side of the purse tha
i apainne the Lele Fingees, Curl vour right Fin-
gem. Reach imide with your right chum, firis,

320 BUBINSTEDN GOIN MAGES

and sccond Fingers, ealer oar the ourermost coin,
and display ir ae the tiga of che thumb and fron
feger, Oper hard ond drop ic cea ithe
fer alpen tel Gree:
Tam your right-hand palm down, holding
the coln at the base of the cbied fingew in fin
palm. Reach inside enee again wich your
end five owe fingers and withdeww a
tccend coin. Diaplay in ax before ar che tips of
thueih and fiver imger, chen open your
Tenet and drop incona che fat ene, creating
a “ellinke

Tien your right hand ower as behore, extending,
your thumb, fn, aed sccoed fingers ineo the
purse so chat che nails lie agaieet che remain
ing ten coins and push chem aguinse che side of
the anette pocadianeh il 7
let the uppermose coin roll ever your chird fim-
ip once the fut and second Fingers (photo
Seon, deopping back loro the parse; Thor monee-
ment af curning ever your right hare Factlicaces
che movemenc of che col. Giraap it.at che cipal
the thumb, first and eccond Frgers oe le drop
Withdraw chis coin from chet lt ora
it ac the ripe of the hamby aned 1 Open
the hand andl It ie Fall ono the remaining coin
int Finger pales, cresting 4 “elink”
t chia saietee- aceon mo agsparenchy wirhebraw
of Bsseneially whac yor have dane i
withdraw only evo cola bur councing five, The
second coin is counsed chee tienes, Ag che aame
time thar you drop che coin inte che right hand,
snap the purse closed with the left and pilace ix
anco the rable.

(Open yo ight hand jus enough so chat you
fan place your chusab on np of che uppermost
veoan and push i po he phalange of your
first finger, ‘Toss che coin in che air and cacch it
is the pal left: band. Close pour lef: hand
inn a aged pb it palm doom, rravaferring
the coin ta heel-clip position. Ax you catch the

oan, oun ight-hand palm dewn es well
sd comudiey cheremacing cole to dic tp of
your second finger.

nt barn keft-hand up. Bring your
i qn picbr oy pe the corn in
heel clip with the chomb, it against the

eon ox the ripad the second finger. In a.comtinu-

al action, finish: roraring cbse bfx far palm wp ond
tap che wrier ewice with the coins in che
hand. The coina will be dlighty fned, bur don't
call acrention co hoe many oains hae. To
dhe audience you are rapping with wll three coins.
Remagk thar IF you tap wrist nwo) citi,
the coin vanishes. the Sele fi er
the purse, After a moment, open the hand
hat the coin has vaniihed, Exocps for
the cxrra coin, chin ix ensencially che Geng Lammy!
2, found ie che ft Kaultnan book Coinmagic
fitself based! om thse Araiuar Buckle Hoel Clip Secel

Frons his piano por Se
eae obi ihren as che follwing rao
vanishes, was finer performed iin this boak im che

rae ap go pi neg ee
hand opens, place your extended left
ever them so thar rg oe ha apc
hand can't be . Pick up che oop coin
wan de hepa sae doek Coleen a
that che remaining coin can't be seen under che
Fingers. Tun your left-hand palm up over she
remaining coin ood the coin chag you just
packed up om your be Ts. “The hard hides
che amare of coins enderncath, Place your belt
chum on cop of che coin. Turn pour hand ewer
anal cag the cstin ueelereath torn cintes Che che

, however, scceeily eqplece che cobn
on cop oF che other one. Immedianety lift your
left hana with fingers poincieg upward as ir
aeill held ube coin and eno enuphaasiee chur
sain. This is Erle Jonets Tap Bluff Vania, From
his sore Adio EVE

h

CHAPTER SIXTEEN + MISCELLANEOUS 234

‘Close rhe left (eae a fiat, supposedly holding che coin, aed move bt over che pumse. Two coisa can acill
be seen ta tac pen cig: he. Riserrk thes ly odes om tape eo mule che cols vanish. Crumble
ithe left fingers over the purse a: before, chem oper the hand. oo show thar the coin haa vamighed.

Take one of the ewo remaining coins with the left fingers co display che caine at the af cach
band. Open your hands depen imgtor gach coin now sitting.on the Bae
cee feos mrtadeen happens wery fas, Place che hee’ on che coin i the righe hand andl boned
ta swing ae oF te cin oth ae: Naw fe wu HS i

* min doa of
rou ralize ther calm eo display br oo are drrwing accencion mewy froan che left hard.
this misdieeccion, cransfer moi Br hee $0 1 Sate: Bedi ones fone EN bee

and cl de cp fe cae rvees th Rev erd cask Rotem atop ce
js ae the chums and lever it upward oo hold ir im an ape ee a
thuewh and extended Fingers. Turn the Seft-hand palms dren and fenger arouned the coin.
Move che tip of your thumb off dhe coin and meuch che second Ager re 2 ar ae
samiath of shir ome”, vr har ol he in ed th er ogre. the coan has vanished
cee cde ciege tones just ao char the audliesoe gets a look of your

. Chop poser left Rand, curking the fingers and the com bo fall oat of [WE Grip pa
pad fingereipe in left fengereip-reae position. Say, "Thar leaves us wish ane last cola.”

oy the cole on the eended ff of che palm-up right band Perform my Fiegernip Sfurele

Peas i Two. Briefly, place your thamb on cop of sin the igh hands tr he

ha pli Sowm A hese ir he keG-hand palen ap and excend che fi ee

der che right, The 1 oe pcscover che. oste bait ha! bead. with the

finger touching the Thin the cain from view. The right chumih peevente

Fevear gm h would make an imeanied exrise, Mace your lef thud on he back oF
obs abe apereie sad ene thc et andthe whch bs Cova he base mii

Slide thumb onoa dhe coin ducting this the chumb.aind bend im the left fingers,

Seah Ae isons dr reie ieesbion [or pateeaicg oe MUAE moe Pe de sor ee

secretly cramiey che coin im che right hand vo finger palm.

Themark thar you are left with one lasc coin. Indicare she coin as you say this, performing the R.OLRS
ecottanel tack coin our of che left hand after apparcenty capping it pwice. After che socal, quicely dide
revel ee ee ee thar it the ew tp othe coi tani
(Chaprer Five), rrensherring che com en Nlowhene
fs rm ound dele at gate wo the fingent of cach hand
epeay iy ani rrr ih iso Nowe palm pap the odge of the

Sie conics the roe syed eed cert eden
Cuel the chied firger rile none Sr i hk po
invo Neredere pala. Unereas che arma ame open och hands showing ‘Open the bef
tind he fresco apn i gland wean eles he tov gas
ended ourwardd. The colen bn bn Niorwhere palm can't be seen. After he gesture, allow che coins co stlemthy

aaah nian

with the left hand end shale ic so thar che coina can be heard inside. Seap the clasp
repartee go wf 2 then paar cat che oni From the purse inon the right hand

cena
finger-palened coins, 38) four coins on tha eight palm.

222 AUBINS TEIN COON MAGIC

Phase TWO: Magical Extraction

inorder ta perfoerns thie second phase, ‘pou
will need eo be weating a pactall ringoon pour
heft aband finger (1 pase wear my wedding bard),
Hokd the puree open, chasp sive “P in your Bele
hase. “The lelt side of the rum is. poate
tamed in che crotch of your chum’, and your
fingers curl around che side of rhe prurse 06 bold
the opposite orl of the frame, samc hand posi-
than as in pihote 649. The ehucnl points wpreard
aloe the side of aber frame choca ihc age
Siac the fuser oxi =t the hase of the right fin
ere Wace your theml: en the ceatermot oir
Pretend oo dump all lor eoina inte che grarse
bur retain the catermosr coin by preaing it
gyal the forse finger with dhe chuml (photo

ah)

Pace your lef: thumb om. the apen side of abe
fpurec anil begin te close the frame, Ar the came
time position your right hand sa that che chub
aru! Aire finger mae over and behind the top
pare ofthe purse, right scoumnd, hin, anal fourt
fingers in froma [photo B52). As soon as the coin
i+ behiegd che povie, onamsher che few fieger in
fone of the purse anal prese che coin againse
the bag. Snap che purse chosal with che righe
first finger (photo 650), and hold the purse amd
coin hidden behied wish the right hand. Mace
the parse ompo the rable, dra she oni al
the back af nig and ine fieyger i im
feeete 654) haiking mawe ix very slight
variates of a Doxid Arthur move fron The Pun
dav Pune, im the Baukman book, Coinmagic.
Suse thar one can just eliop the eheee eoiste ania
the pure, retaining ake fourch coin in finger
pales. With ahi: move, berwever, abe ebghe hurd
ke seer oo be empay:

i a thar &f you can make the coins magi-
cally po ineo the prumac, you whould bec able 1
magically take her oat, ‘Tronafier the coin va
thuedh palms ‘Turn your right-hand palm dew
anil cxterud yen the purse, Make
a catching ead
hand vo dis the: the aight lingercips.
‘With che feft fingers expended aed peringing bo
che right, reach over co coke the coin wor od che
righs fiegertips. As soon aa the ooim is covered
bey che Ieht fingers, perform the Ramsay manish,
accretly dropping aa coin once the base of che
right fingers, Mowe wour keft hand to ibe left,
appsrently holding the codn


CHAPTER SIMTDEN » MISCELLANEOUS 322

Transfer the coiego right chunsh palm as you
umm ower the righe hand. Js before, reach ower
the purer and make a caching mocign, Open
- peeeirery na va gin, eben Ph
the exten Taal gl Co ig

Mace our sok em che pre = ‘yout
fighe-! lr dian Peeerd ee fi brine
whe han bes juse ie your ri speetae a
svlink" (photo B88) Close your lelt as iPr
new commuimed borh wolns. This is a variacion of
ison Kewrnbolce’s Kring Aw, published in che
August og8i7 ieaae of Apocalyper (although che
idea of using the sound of your ring co mimic a
coin hax blely been: aroand for much hanger),

Tranifer the cain co ght thomls pales, and
Ohes again make 3 car’ ang madi over the

anal lig ing ike coin on che expended
Fnipers ofthe open righe hand. Repear the Kine
Pec varkarlon, hitches che colo against your rl
andt-choving the left hand as iF ie new Saba
three colina,

Transfer the coin to right chum aml

tend te satch one Pai oan, od sngtane pa
pomduce i, Romark char incrad od removing
the Lae euis, you arc fuse going eo malo shes
afl go back ie Sup fear herd t her, che bef
elapping thse engin hand. just the thumb:
as a a (photo 656) Make ame char the
coin in chums palm is nee seen as you slap your
hands ther. Separate che hands: showing
abac the left is enypey, and secrenty mansferring:
the thamb-palmed coin ro right fimger palm.
Nick up che purse with dhe belt hand ad shale
itae the clap eo thar coins can be heard inside,
Open the clasp with she right dhumb and finer
finger. Tarn the pure aver, apilling the sheve

ots ine ay neve ond ret eet

im, hi i ‘coins om che righe
palin Chine the purse with the It hand ard
Place the parse ano the exhle,

Phase THREE: Flash Penetration
Foe this phase you cis create’ a berter ilhiien
with the Rubenstein Karcle Pere, bear iF yaa
owt have one you can will use a regular Gosh-
manesivke purse. Gather all four coins ino a
stack ant icin che palm-up right band in
Serge sition, heween che cips of che
um and sccond Finger, Perform the Aron
Take (Chapter ‘Two, described briefly ax fol-
lowe: Haing- the belt band over oo che right and
make a keene sr rane ok ara aad
ang ect, aml che a rage i
Poon ike you were abenn tape a French
Dre,
bv iro enh et place
the first amd chind right fingers om ine
edges oF che coins, and the wall ofthe ight
finger against che underside of the bor-
rom enin, Ac the samme rime, remove the righe
abumb. The egies are now held againar the rail
fd pressure froma the Gee and chin All
ibis ix happening under the cermcr oF the ie fir

The set chee moves are perlowenal at che same
aime. First, mann the left hae pales up, chosing bt
complecely a iit coneained alse cole. Keep the
nig side of che left band courhing whe fingers
ef the right. Simultanecusly bend the firse, sec
emi, and third Fingers oF she right hand inward,
until ther free edge of the coins couch the oe
pale. Lascly, cum che right palm inward so thar
it faces year bok.

224 RUBINSTEIN COW MAGIC

Ina continual motion, begin vo move your left
hand slowly vo che left and corn your right-hand
palm downward. Bring your thumb over che
middle phalinge of the second finger ua that che
ce mover into sae pers Fret
the coins inae a t hing. el
coving: againac Faery : ie thunth. Teiend
the First finger bo se to the heft hand, cher
paige ect ihe other Fingers.

ss the choed left hard over the purse: Citee
up doen shake of the haral, af che same
ties malonate coins pe Fall froes Avegghe 0)
palm co finger palm. The noise is enidinerional
Era suendsbibe at came Fem the left band. Make
crambbing moaicns with dhe belt hard then oper
ig eo ahew chat die coins hawe vanished. As vou
open the left hand, seereely cranader she stack
from finger palm oo Nowhere palm. Pick up che
pore with ahe left hand and place ic inte che
righe Gf you have eve Ractle Purse, pow car firs
shake ico charche audience hears coins inde),
pecorn my Parse Goin Dhomp tae fest taught i
the raters Parar and (lier) as Bolliews: Hold che
he frame berworn the shiek which
sap ome vide of che parse frame, and che
fret ewo Fingers, whack oct] around che oppo
sine siely of the Gram, The cubed right thi
pet holds the Nowhyre-palmed coins juet under
the bopoen wl che grarse.

on the Ramya 2 with the - hand: Tern year

alm down and make a geodiag me
tee a oom he heft. Scencely neleaic che foe
where-paleed caine, a9 that they Ay ines the
tele howd The Blusion is shar they eume out of
the purse

FINAL THOUGHTS: | lieve this reutine became
cach phase relies on sound ro sell the illusion
preseneed. “The Parse Cont bs invenceti
can be used to pre ether one or to abead.

THE BLANK COIN ROUTINE

‘This rourlne superficially nearmbles a Wikd
Gol rouine, bur che premise is wery diflee-
ent. incombines elements of my mautine Alera
Srares from my 198) Creasive Coin Magee Lee-
nure Mores, and Diwid Rohs: Blink Cofa eou-
tine from Volume Eight of the New York Coin
chin buak), Baeridfe rousiee: eas che iepdration
forthe newitne described here | perloemed icon
fey duct Ponguin Live Leerure Tore download,
"This pourlite consalns a slight hanalling change,

PREPARATION: This rourine requires ucecral alid-
ferent pes of coin, br may be hard to accurn-
late all of chem, brot if you can it will be werh
the effort. Yas will ood ghrce coaneabar are che
dine of a half dollar. | ea pokl-oolered (chi-
mci coin Lavailalsle theough Sapa, Ge OL eae
find Lashanquisn Chinese cena d pare mocely
geld with a bie of black}, a-worn C08") Barber

IF dalle, and a worn (ol) copper Cheon
Viceoria English peomy. The coins have smooth
surfaces, which tedece: any umwanced noir

when the coind are nabbed against cach archer,

‘You will alia mood chree magching ite in er
nor size. The Barker quarter exatches exact! Iv, aa
does an old copper Chasen Vieberi half pesny,
Fer the Chinese onin, there ase dquarter-siece

fuckoor feng shui (himese coins thas ane
easy to find. They ane gold in color andl are o
glace enough macch dor the half-dotlar-sized
gold Chinese coins char ang available,

You will alea need there balfdoller-sicedl blank
coin. These ant basically agcel shage. Tess willl bee
the handéar item co Find, anal you mighe need no
canract the evin galt euker 1 have them ce
teen produced, | ‘vant ch an Internet search, you
eam fend Blsek coins fox engraving, but make
sure they ate the right siee and chicknes. You
ean alo find someone whe can do yD princing,
and can make the blank coins using asitecr mae
terial. Photo 687 shows afl of che coins needed
foe chis rourine.

Lace, yea willl nowd a Coahman-irvie coin puree.

The ooins are placed into che puri in athe fal

lowing onder: hali-dollarsi Chinew oon,
Suecn VWeeoria y, Barker half abeflar,

= aaeed cheek coke copper Queen Vigoss

half penery, Barber quarter, bt git he chee, half:

doller-sieed bluak coin.

PERFORMANCE: Tien no your qpecauner anid say,
“want ro shew you something thar not mame people
getachince ro-sev. Igoe chese ar che US Mint. These
are called pee-producrion

coins”

Remove the three blank coins fons ghe pusie
and place chem onta the valk, curing them
over to show Ibach sides Have che spectator ex
arming uber, Say (andl chis firwe line comes chix
from David Rochs oan poucimel, “Thee
ave.cobe phar have rever been minal they have
never been ecruck. They are Abeok. howe
pou! br pet pit They
ma inch, and no orgin They
ae truly cbryomic opie oa bow ae tae
ican? Ir maim thar phos coder can bons ANT
coins, Arey cote ar afl) Anal f hares aene cides fro
aay ollecnisa, char sew curt aise ro clemrtowiunria

Take back che Wank ooins aed pur them onne
the eable in a horizoneal row on the left side,

Remove che remaining six coins from che purse
with the right hand! aed bold ghem at the bane
oF cour right fingers with ehe smaller enim be-
ing ounce, Make sure that eo cee van the
colts yet as the Lirger nies need ao he hepa
hidden. Txble che jaune to vour left. on the
left-hand palm ep co receive the small cole
Mace your thumb on the edge of the hall:
dollarized coins ond let only che quarcer-sized
coins fall ino ihe left hand (phate G58) Keep
the half-dollar-sieed coins in finger palm, silver
coin Facing oureand. Tum your bel oer
andl the mall coins ina row cote right of
ibe blank coins, The Chinesr nin ik nex na thee
blank coin, followed be the copper onie, chen
the silver cca at the right.

Pick up ane of che blink cobns wink vour left
hand and wake ie with your righr. Execure the
abkdesin of the Slide Moor (Chapeer Five)
te secretly insert it behind che Chinese coin as
pasts ibid sri ir with
the the eatin the ff bo
veard the base Then curl che fh aed with
the thumb tip inser the coin bchina the izack,
Conainue cochess whe hail ioe a fise, Maer the
teal cluer goles on dhe back of year righ lise.
Bay, “Nets atbyad the plone ie pcilben 20 preety pee
road pletuare, ee cane inept shir Limage of che Bavber
code erin Hee blink cote, Ane sure enough, fr Looks

precy goad”

CHAPTER SINTEEN * MISCELLANEOUS 325

Take back che'slver quarter with che deft hard.
aa ve slideasar phase of abe cre Mowe,
te iver coin ro che ingerti

Dileplaye books nhse Tarher hall der und earls
an the fingertips of cach hand. Use Creo Lar-
tats Fingertip Tet! move, to chow boah sides of
the coin. Briefs Hohl che coins bewecen the
ips ef che chumdh end fire Finger, Gurl your
weeded Fieger snd thes corer ic hehond che
enitt, teleasiag dhe ahiemls ‘Whia clips ibe enina
heeween che fing: aed ever fi cig. Mace
your chusab on Throftke cok iel es dhewwrs,
ac the sane ciene encwing your finer Fecsan 0
theater aide of cha cork This norma he colnet
ever, avon ae now holding them beroecen the
tips of the chumb and fire cwo fi Place
them ancodhe gable, theuartet-atual cad hack
inthe pow ar ehe right. and the halFilodlar-sizead

onireabawe i,

Tick up che neve hlisk coin with your lef henadl

anal i fa with che righe. Exeeune che slidesin

pee of tie ee Mee ine: eae Be

ind che first blank coin, as you chose your righe
hand around ic incoa tise, Pick up che small

coin and place in on dhe back of your tight

et. Say, “Mow aboat the riser it tales fra cbrmr-

rectally sbyeligra toaturale Be nt ae
Frruage are srlghas Pt rn an
Pick up dhe amull coin with your left
haral wee tbe sls it phase of the Slide

Afene uo puch thee mote che fingertips
anil dile al ls psof each hand,
Execuce she Fingertip Tani! Move co show both
shies of ube onina, then place the small coan back

inthe row, che larger onin whowe ir and. po
leftoF che Barber half doltar:.

325 RUBINSTEIN COM Mun

Pick ap che last blank coin with your left hand,
and as tise he slidke-in: of che Slide
Mowe vo place it behind ibe last blank enim as
‘you chose tbe righ hand arcand ix leva a Fro,

Pick up ake amall (Chinese evin, Explain tha ir
hav a amall hole in ghe eenoee, which makes the
imprinting a ber more deffsculs, Place ic on the
back of the right fine, look at pour wacch and
aay, “This ake a couple secowds lomger. Let's
see, yes, J can feet in happening. and we kawe.an enact
image of the Chinese cola!”

Remave the armall Ghincig coin with the lef
hand, Ghpen the right fared ancl usc ehe slide-
out phase of the Side Meee ao pach ohe |

pa lscobaadbablnki atari aep oa Sank
Coen Eovour spectacue as before. Use che Finger
rip: Their! no shows bees sicher of chee coolers,

bath coins once the cable, che srealler coin in
che row and do che feft of che small copper coin,
aed the leper Chinese coin above inarad next no

the copper. penny.

Arihis poant all choee blank coins are in right
has finger palm. Extersd che right fest Finger
apd eet p the large Chines col with your
left i the lemwer edge of the coin
agabner abe vide of” the curled second finger,
beaming abe Face againar che fore fieger. Hohl i
paged the ri se vena og
he copper peri a ace it agains Chi-
pe Fah ck pthc Rss greens
a inex the copper coin. Say, “ho

fame tena ald #0 impart an image one rhe

enine of Chinn cain, a capper come, deal i
silver coin. Com rei ball enn ebewt rally vighe for
trie, aed fren jrour Kania oper?”

Perform the Pere! Grip Seine (as first coughs
in che rousise, Mai G Hg
clon). Birhefly, nurn: ad tee hand palm down
ower your left, which opens no neceive the ooims.
Inscead, extend ibe right fingers and iirep the
three a ine ut gr Aa ayaa
tiene, place yoru thumbs al if
seine sa i ho te yl by
alec ih one ik ~F ew
thie se ee athe tert
cl 7 dies of ehe Geet and asco’ fingers.
Close-vour left hard around the blark coins aed
give thens ‘to your rator to hold feeing: the

role, teft band ro Deft hare. Ac whe samc time,
comrinue in eotate the ahtee different coins. aver

and into raghr finger pales. Say, “We jooir pur ae
image en ahe cole, bo char iam'r how you erably male
otis. Remenber, these one huee never been meta:
pound newer been siruck. Thar oni
Ba foger a trae ont cota. ue

Pak of ag thece small ovina with the left bane
Take she asa arsck with the tnghe anil gee che
slide-in phase of the Stile More ta puis chem be
hisd che larger eoina. Pick wp the purse wish:
your left hand and pur all the ceins from the
right hand back into the purse. Say, "Whew you
pur the small coins uspay, the image of the coins bee
ging mo fade aor ovine. Hur ax they Gade frome
our minds, they alee fade from ite ocire. Amd if pow
jeur heeds, you will ee'chaer you new only
he terre eet”

Fisivh P Harring eer SpeCHLOr oper hee hand
te reves! (har she goin ave changed back ine
the blank coins.

THE MYSTERY OF THE CHINESE COIN

‘This seatine came aboar as 4a way oo sareaime
Nine the Blink Goin Rourlse. Adter | devel
aworkable routine, I fele che method would be
becoer served! by changing the premise. The re-
suk is the routine t there, which has ever
acer print or been om a VT The original idea
iu discussed at the orl of this rematine.

PREPARATION: lis onder co. perform this nating,
wou will need che Following ‘Twe idencical hall
dollas-siaed Chinese coins treal aewignse ones are
preferred, bur yur can gise the ones imadke by the
coin monudacnarers), a worn (soft) Barber half
dollar, a worn soit") Cece Victoria English
pen, a brass rydteigqy Republic of Kenya on

eoets coin for any ocher brass hali-dollar-sined
coin) amd a demall coin pare: (use the POL Sin-
ge Purse by ferry (Conall which can be cat
ily found commercially amd is the perfioce size
foe thie nousiee) Whe warn comms ane peeftrend
become the surfaces weal make noise when
rubbed against cach ouher, Nove thar you can ate
mere moder coins for chis poutine, However,
pou. will need oo exercise greater care to mine
mniec moder when porfarming sone of the moves.

Place bogh Chinese cuens inane che purse, one at
each ade (po eeparace chem ae meach ax poetl-
ble). Moe che pane ard che other three ene
(ewe che right pocket. The cains abel ideally
be cogecher im che order of half dollar, Engliah:
penny, and brass coin. IF you can't keep ea
together in-vweur pocket, yea can use a Packer
Manager to hold chem, described im Chaprer
Soviet of chit Inoak

PERFORMANCE: Say, “Performing magic allers me
the opportunity 40 tried all oper the menld When
feu in Ching, | picked up amenhing special ap an
amrague rene, nich f pinnae a you.”

Reach into your right packer, and finger palm
the ahree coins (half Sellar should be cones
sport), Bring out che purse and place it ito your
Echt hanil. Display che puree and aay, *! picked up
4 beautifal Ching opin. fr ares expensive, bet fas
toll in fued some ane apotial properrice.”

Place the purse on (opal ibe coins in right hin-
ger palm, eo char che eop of the puree runs. aber
the fret Ginger (photo 660). Medel abs agit =hean

Im up, so chaz onky che pmrse is sees in the
od (ince the cole are under the purse, che
hand appears otherwise empty) You ure exe
going (0 open che purse, and av che same cime
switch che position of che coins using che Purse
Miscrecr, Giraxp the purse with your left fers
ard secend fingers om top. thamb bebo abe
quires and the coins, Rocage your righs-handd
pal inward, so thas ibe togeof the pune mow
rests along the site af che tes: finger and abe
edge of the coins are peoied apainde ase inber-
section bemeeen ihe des of che first and second
fingers. Now curl your-secomd, third, and fourth
fingers so thar the cooing rest on abe side of the
scoond Finger (photo 684) Place pour right
thumbs at the hacrom right comer of che purse
aral the clasp with your lett fingers. Reach
jek che jeoseil take oor one of the Chinese
coins, keaving the etber-one inside, Nake sure
that che eoin Le in the purse is not eer

CHAPTER SIXTEEN + MISCELLANEOUS “kat

Place ike (himeie coin oeate dhe tible zr! cloor
ahe ‘weal ghee Lelie fengera. ‘Tiers pour eight
hand palm chown aml cee ake puree inh
cable, holding the ooins mt Che withe of abe
curled secon furl rhe fisse heer so char
it runs along the rim of che ovine ant cations
them from Halling (photo 662). Mick wp ube (hi

mew coin with be left hurd. Bring your right
hand over to the bef, crancferring tise cons inoo
pe bai as follows: Place your tvamb om che
edge wh ibe eof. Tarn ibe righe-hand palm
down, curl abe feng Finger and lever abe codins
upward a bit more with the daamb, ao thar che


S26 FRUBENSTEIN COIN MuGHD

curled firsctinger surrounds the coins, and their
edge prect apainar che side of she second finger,
Ag soon cicaretiar ane in )30. Corap, este vone
thumb off che ale (audokey ‘Chine coin
with the right dhamb asd aceon finger. Diaplay
it po your audiener sa char che palm b+ seen po
be empty: Creture wich the left handl so char ir
fib soot to be ernigety an welll

Take the coins with abe left fingertips jext for
a second and make a Sk geatine-erih ie As
soon asthe ovin is no in the right hand,
mmansfer che coins iin )38. Cerip inno right fine
ger palm. Briefly, grasp che of uke coins
with che right chunvh, Rotate the coins out ef
[8 Gerip and ower ints fieger palm, balfidollar
again being ourereneat. Ieameciately corn
Iefi-hand palmdown amd take che coin-with the
tight thumb and fret finges. Explain chat cou
discovercd char whenever vou wen to
counmey, tke coin cook on che charscteristien of
ihe cuntency of thar county.

Perform the slide-im phase of the Sfide Move
(Chapeer Five), sliding she Chinese coin behind
abe curiae in fi palen. Briclly, cxvend the forse
awe fi are with the chums drag she ein:
dawn fingers toward the base Then curl the
fingers and wink che chumib rip ismert she cei
becind the sack. Close the hand ingo a fine aad
make a wave over che band with the left hare

Explain thar the newt oaanery you visined war
the United Stanes, You fand thas ef you jut
cama shadow ocer che band the coin became
aualver half dallar, Pestvem the alide-our pase
oF the Slide Mowe, qrucchige ele half dollar na the
fen, ips. Noe ubae in order io minimize noise
pa pasa any emrcement of the stack, it ear
help to curn your band palm down and push che
coin downwand po ee a

fore cunning vour hand up-to display the
con,

Alter the half dollaz, periorm che
Larra ip Tarirl (as. first: exaghet im che ron-
tine, Tenth Wild Cain Show Versionl Bericl-

ly. toeate the coin with che elghe Fi by fine
Lido the seveml finger Hole ide dro
the eeail side lear the eles of the sola RE
lease the ak which clips the com berwecn
the chp of the firs amd second fr Preston
the cail side edge of che enim with the chum,
and lift che firse finger off che coin, mincing ic

eothe other stide'so char che opin be pow grasped
Keccwcrar che alps ich hac fe, acd eatoced
fingers, heads sade Gcing the audience, Tum
roright-hand paim dow ard place che coin
rween the tips af the thumb and fine finger
ofthe pale-up lef band. Display ir at che tin
pemiayy.
Rewuek char the meor place you traveled co was
England, ‘Ture che Let-hand palm down are
ake the coin back with che right chum arul:ficsr
finger. Perform che alide-in phase of the Side
Move, placing the silver coin behind the sack
saad astig ee tpl bine kona n Rat hrc heal
lef oe the Se ae teal ooieg
aur ‘Chpen sear pen ne
the slide-out phase wf the Slide Move qo show
ihe copper English penny. As before, perform
the Fingersip Tiinl, mann your right-hand palm
down, and place che coin berween the
vips of the chumb and fers fimger of the palms
ope left hum. Display ir ar the Roperrine

Explain akac you then wena oo Kea Tue the
hand palm down and take che coin with
ihe wight iheamils arial fivae Finger. Perform che
lide-an phase of the Slik More, placing the:
ais behind che seack and closing the 1
ae ino a Gel. Wave your ket hand over che
righe, easulig. a shadow ewer pour hand. Open
your hand, performing the slide-cot phase
‘ob the Shir Move no aber the bra onins As be-
fore, perform che Fi ip Teil, corning our
hand palm dean Ee the brag onie at
the fingertip of the Ee! @ bord (hugilaw ia ae che
heft Fingertip.
Reiterates that cach vime yOu Wen Te a coum
try, dhe coin changed ingo the currency of chat
ooiantry, However, the magic never laacod, byes
waiced coo Gong, the coin once: again became
Chimese. ni igh veda pei hdr eg nian
producing the Chimcer coim Use the Fingertip
aie ve display ir at the righ na ga then
ape onta the pabm-sgp belt hand is ppositice
performing the AChE move.

Explain char if the coin stays Chinese, ir
shouldn’: be exposed bo lighe, becwuse iit is, bt
will vanidh. Indicate the coan with whe right sec-
aed finger, peniorming the FOES, moor no incal
our the cotn as you close che belt hand ine foes,
Secreaby place iron pop of che finger-palmed
stack: Excoune the (oewd “arms (tthape

i


ter Five], transherring the finger-palned arack
to Nowhere palm. Bricfh, (Cress your arma
(right aera fh the If). Curing the crossing,
Sothern, wraps thie ele af dhe evar chosevt te tte
fiear finger wich che sham, anal lever eheen up
word and averto the hind finger. Curl che chind
finger arcund the tim of che codns and move
the thumb off the edge, which pues them imoo
Nowhere palm. Rab the fingers of cach band
againar the thumb ina crumbing mocion. Ln-
cross the arm and expen bogh hams showing =
complene vanish, The tight hand opens noward
the audtierse, with she Free ewer ingens cxeerel-
ed eurward. ‘The coins is Nowhere palm can't
be ser

Esplin char ic-doecnr disappear completely, ir
just gore back to che pure: Pick wp ihe purse
with che lett hand, az che same time berring the
come silenaby fall cur of Nowhere palm and
back ino Gneer pak. Place che pure eecr the
coin ax roi adid at the beginning ofthe routine,
Benner che Pure Mancreer, a chat che puree
lies om the side of she right second finger anil
ube coins are hidden underneath, rigta fingers
curfed, Open che pare wish che lef fingers,
and cleanhyremove the duplicate Chinese coin
Mace it back and close che purse. Place your belt
fret and second Fingers on cop of che puree and
ihe bolt them wih the coins, pressing:
akem alt the borers of che pearec, Tale
ther all wut of the sight hard and place it awoy

teen

FINAL THOUGHTS: Thic in a routine where your
funds gee cleanly coon coche empey beak ae the
beginning and oo che ened | originally creared
his rourine wich a blaek coin changing ino
theer orber coins. Ar che endl | just pur che
blink coin back ime che purse: In war cffee-
tive and jcbr ac clean. bor it lacked che frnish of
the coin vanishing and ecapprering back iin the
pane. The ics of she Chinese coi with magi-
cal prewers is intercacieng, ame dene is a reason
for whe ch, You can of came replicare che
nouchee with peo blink anise, but dhe Chinese
toe be More incel guise.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN «© MISCELLANEOUS 329

THE BLACK HOLE

Whisk jk a reurieg | wniginally pur on omy eh
Keech Coin Magic TT) see Whe reatine
has been changed eo make che emling meee
praccical, dnd easier co carry aroired. The hate
salling is les different chan che oiginal, bur che

premise is che same. fr appeared on my Pengules
Live Loccure Tro dhownfeed

PREPARATION: Yirs will nec a round onal Torn
Unooska back eoin purse wich che clap an the
insicke, Yor will alas need cighs hall dollars, Pour
go inns che puree whieh is placed bane he Lele
ieker pocker. ‘lhe ocher fur cole are placed
ince che rigtu jacker pecker. This rousine uses
multi-coin macting, #0 you willl need po use
my pwormarsysecm. Finally, you need 2 small,
black, hard plastic hole (aritf enough 40 char ir
doesn't ben) 1 geo mine From a Tenyo: Trick,
bet you can get ane cut po sine, The ane [une is
alighiky bagers than a ailver dollar (photo 469
shows the para, and ahe hole, with « aber del
lar to pet a better ddlca of dhe site oF the hale,
Place chit ints ibe right pants pocket

PERFORMANCE: Turn. oo veer sudieroe and sary,
“Bho you guys fibe aitie exis? Nip unife boueghe de for mee,
Hiked rhe male, be (found har it bad w hole in che
pecker: Tharswar a problicm for me, boc coory
few | pur ery cosine inno my pocker, dibe hose four,
scowl fee these

Take cat the coims and spread chem in the right
Hane, From the cigs of the seven! anal ahind frn-
pen Qknwermoge coin at the sige) eo che bane,
‘Casually pretend oo poss chem into tbe left beard
bur perform a mice move of Harvey Kosenchall
called Subtle Goin Steal, lished in expe ie
Karl Pulves’ Close-Up Folio a2 (First cougha ie
the rourine Star! Up Going Through Tableh Flip


320 RUSINSTERN COM MAGIC


the coien. ower so thar the oain ac the base of

the frngers carne ern, ince classic-palm
position. Tue vor righe-fand palm doves and
carl your fingers, catching three eains ag pheer
tips. “The fou coin gemaing §n claisie palma
(photos 77-378). Toss che chree coins ia the
loft handl Cenrinue ro-2ay, Pnole sry packer ro ple
Tailor and asked him 0 fix nhe Aode. Moe only dal be
foe, bur he cook itour amd ke gave lero me! Me aol
enc fei har Femane erick ir, Anal | ever had a hole
like attis before! Bar Dcheughe it would be a good ware
0 hold petro: my voir!”

Reach ince your right panes poker and leave
the clasic-pulmed cota, Heme the hole ace!
place i frac he center of she sar, Push ane of the
three half dellurs to the cige off yeser lef thusah,
firs and ta Fingers. The other cwo ooina are
in fa oighom. Precend vo cake |e with
the se ene Apa rade the cower ol che right
Fingers cxecare ake firse variation of the Vank-
tot Rerenrion Mae (Chapter Tow). Briefly, once

the coin ix cavers! bey che right Angers extend
the left steed Finger along the face of the coin
Bend ir inward, bringing the eain back inca the

hand under ase Urumbs, Colewe ‘yout Fight harul
aver the fersa finger aa Yer vetaballnw Heed the
right. Mlake-a dropping motion ewer the hole
with era a hand aral ¢how chat che coin
has vamivhed. Say, “So I cook one of the coin, aml
dropped it into the hole, and ir actually wenr njghe
dma phe hole, Mice shirough chr hole, not umder ite
ode, Bast actiualhy inno che bobs.”

‘Tun camer the kode with wour righe hand as vor
way chis co show thag che erie hay completely
vanished. Say, Ul shompty chir nomi bea grear may
pani ema cuinis! pte do shit ith she firs coin,

a sald iio fe uel rhe secon heel, intel Chart fh cinta
ar

‘CHAPTER S0TEEN © MSCEL LA EMMS. 107

Pash one of che coins arte bef Fingerrips: Take
in with abe righe and pur it on the right side of
the mar, near tbe lower border, Tele the ment
coin in the same way eral put ic is a row bo che
leh ef the frst coin, ar the level of che cemaer of
the mat, Par the last coin, held ic in pasicion no
perform whe ROR. mops. Exocune ihe mace at
pe fenton ibe Burch coin, Lower your righe
hoard eon uh eagle bebe man, transferring
the ooin to-seend back-palm (sine the sccrion an
Manings he Hl Seven), a4 follows tirasp the
the coin berweem che sides oF the frie
See Fingers. Use alse rips OF the secced
and third fingers 10 rome whe edge of the coin
closest to the bose of the Fingers uprerd, an-
til the foe of che coin lies against the malls of
ther fingers (1 will occasionally wee the chum
tn bel facilicate she merch, Rest che band at che
al ibe righ aide of che mag, with che edge
ob tie cain just behind the border of the upper
man. Mace your thumb em che apposisc aber of
ithe push the coin under the mat ag you
make a di pia mocion ineathe bode with rhe
left hand fae rot FHA To aid in the
maaring. burn Nee bowhy a bir to your left anal
eam with your left hard. The body enovion
lex the smaller move of marting she eoie Sar,
“Ponaale chin onde roally onal, anal Faihopped ie righe
troter her Rede.

Ture boch of your hans pales up no dhorw whae
the cole hus completely vandhal, Pick up the
ac che riehe send petform a Reterien Mass
the lett hand, retaining she coin ia right
tip rest. Loarer che efgha hana pe abe
af ei mat (no dhe belt of che firse coin chat was
marted), mansferring che coin no sensi hacke
pelm, Pooh the coin under che mar ae you muke
a dropping mosioe over the bode with the deft
haces. As before, gure a bet oo che left and ges
ure with the left hand oo aid im misdirection for
madeline. Tarn year handy palm anyor ery, “ft
can canbe he ieee gett, mite fe ' dnd
thar coin fare nie hale, Now rhreugh the
ne under the Fae, bur acrawaliy into fae eke!

Turn ewer che hake with the left hand as you
reake chit remark. Say, “Now J didn't lower wha
thee hake capaniny anae, few Pichu # wowed cry le
teihh phe Mand coin, Sy. pack fr, aon roseed it night inne
the hole. Aref thar goin acreally ment inno ahe hole!


332 BURSTS ON MADIC

Pickup the lag coin with the left hand anal hold
if in leh Spellboursd pinion berween the ciga
al the chundh and Gra geo fingers, Preveceel to
take ie-with year cighs hue perkonm my varlacion
ol he Walter Chihonn Spader Crip Vanish (fara
taughr in the pouring, Triple Coin mo Cand), a
follows: Reach around the coin with your rkghs
hand, a+ iF you were going oo perio a French
Drop. Under the cower off the lingers, ore POE
Weft First: finger under che coin anal push ie di-
mecihy nee right clavsic palm. Close veur right
hand around she coin ane ghe first ngs anil
withdraw foto the right. The Iefe ches inis-a
matpicicess fer, av if it retained the coin, Point
to the right frond! wiah the left exretded fire
finger. Tur yeur Fight-hamd pale down ged
eu dropping mocks over che hole. The
classic. pal si can't be seen, After a bear,
jay aril Im ap with your left hand, showing ir
io he enopey. Say, “Ar mow J had a proflem. You
tee, J Bac all of sep coins in bap oe”

‘Turn yersr right-hand palm down anil earl che
fingers, heetinsg the coin alrop: fi fingerti * Pent,
Plas vear hegertips af the upper oulge al ehe
hoke, thumb: at the niic side (phote 664),
Press down with che thumb, which causes the
oppee oe te lsghaby lift free the eae. Mase
wour firer finger just under che hole. Ler che
coin slide off che fingertips oneo che face of che
hole (photo 605) and bod ie | in place wish the
thumb: Lift the hole se chat che fingers are in
the frome, thumb in che back. Say, *f conde’: pur
the hols into my pect Because then J seul bx hack
tohore fanart,”

Views year bdheways sos Chad thee pocket
ie fisciegg eri aeetsy Mase the rtinttyan
right pocker asa demenstration, secretly leaving
abe coin. Wichdeww she hand with che hole, Ac

the same time, you pat your right hand into wour
pocket, plane your left hand inte your pocker
isnichang bse: taeocnee ria: of the right ann. Ir
cant be seen going int ake pocker became of
the body carn. The toes on the hole

the righe pockes, provid cdistonal raiedliec:
phn hor che Bele haaed an inecment, Se-
lg purse and withdraw bosh banais,

the right hamd sill bolding he bode. ‘he puree is
concealed inthe left hand, ina Engerepabmelike
pocitkin, and Goethe audience again. Hokd
the hale in r hand Spellbound position. Eu
tom tbe Dele Aingces and holil tbe: pore agains
them with abe thumb, Bring your left hare ower
tothe right, cuweriing abe hole with the extend-
ed fragers (and the parse omderneathh, Deng the
ede onine the hase of che bn - Makes cubbing
menion with voor felt hand and wirkdraw eur
hand po che felt, reveallmg che puree, Open che
parse and remoce che for coins. Chop che perce
ower the hole, chen chow both hands empey ex
cept for the poms.

FINAL THOUGHTS: Thit routine chowrasrs my
ftaaltd-coin matting technique: Ie can be donc
with jut a chic-igp saat over a cehlocloch, bat
once more than ane-cein in imatced, the retrieval
beowne: Kander, Wik use of the paper aye-
bens nennievall no honger is necessary, as abe eos
com stay uriber che more The sare can be relled
upat the end of che perfonmance, heaving che
coins undemesth Ger if che lower mar is st:
tached oa hard surface, chey cam be lifted ani
perce hon bona hp oa the =
iprab the mat by patring the hngers undermeas
amd chuomnbs on cops, nealing oud one for both) of
the coin aa Nera aulpaut el fhe mag,

The size of che pelanbe adiac should the -armaall
enough abar you can hide ic in finger pabm anil


behind ihe purse. yet lange enough tobe able to
hide a goin behind if, Rinuted acrylic an: plexi-
plas dives fooloend or clear) can be fond on E
Bay, Eesy, or by doeng an ineernet search, chat
somal werk perfectly:

MINT CONDITION

‘This is a col oo lenpossible locacion effect,
where a signed quumer appears ima comainer of
breach minas. In appeared on Volume Seven af
the New York Goin Magic Seminar (V0 series.

PREPARATION: Inondor oo periorm ibis effect,
) ee will eed pve amalll gongainers of Lisgetine
cool mint packee packs wich weeney-fewr bres
soripa. They are pore aid ihe petfecs size in
which oo seerealy inset 2 quarter Remove the
sorips from eee of che boxes and place a quarcer
inside, heads side fackng carward. This bow isan
the base of your beft second, chird and foureh
fingers, door side ficing ap and closess no pour
feraa fees (phot G68). The bon wish abe nina
snips is on cop and overlapping the quarter
hex, acs that ehe dog lice ae the bevel af ghe dure
fenger. Bagh anc held in place with the chumbs,
fee che discussion at ihe coal of he rousing chat
discaees how to only war ene bom. [ace a cars
ber in yeoman right pecker, che Sharpie in veer Bele
jpocker, amd you ate tetedy tis begin

PERFORMANCE: © the boo of mine tri
and remove sagas Say that rely
cr you perform, you like co have mle eine
becach. Offer ome to your spectanor ax we
Chee the bow and pull ft back inte the hard
with your themb. Tarn your left hand aver
ated use your socued Angers puch the quarter
hax gmtm the table (ghote B67), The shel on
dhe bavk of the contaiser prevents the quarter
from being seen, ‘The mint container stay hide
des ie amr Left hard

CHAPTER SIXTEEN * MEECELLANEOUS Sag

Reach iene your packers, eaving the mint con-

walnee und removing che Sharpie amd che quar
ter for yeu can [usc borrow arterk. Have
him par an inisial or design om the rail side of
coin, then pur che Sharpie away, Halil che
coin in pour right hand. Say, “he CK oo make
mark on ny ithe vs Rireirdgitiche pt
aric, ihr bit ofa peoblan. Far caomiple,
Hip harap they tight heaenbarrtes
gperithey cae por pou ing prison for po years. And
in Tarisacla, chey munke pou douke Hokey Pokey and
sur aevorid bene hey, tfune's whae as all
dheur. Bur den'e uvery, | wort dee dorprhing happen
ao yea. fe fcr, atm godeg ot resnere chi coin nae hts
mein condirice.”

Perfor a Retendion Pass from your right hand
inso your left. Make crumbling, enotians. wish
saute Left fiegere Ax sttention it focused on the

eft hued, Rosie che semre ever the finger-
iT

ips whih the chunh, emg, if umberneach
dhe hand where be be in Tenkal (honmale
ly Goshman} Pinch. Gpen beak hands palm u

io chow chaos tke coin has compaecely vais

Adver che display curn your right-hand palm in-
ward. Recover che coin by grasping the ie edge
af the coin with abe right scoomd Finger and no-
nating ir hack oer che chind fingertip co wind
epon the corked right Fingers, Say, “Wariner
coin melted aad. Now, Saige’ soy phat liar goin
do momeve ehy amark, Jel! oar J ove remery i
dis mint covgfinien. Arad [ioe doo ar eke commune of
mines and shake ie, you cun hear something lveriae.”

Hick up checonmainer of mines wich che left hand
and shake ir so char the quanter-can be heard im-
aide. Tum the bow, door side downward, drone
of the boo: facing your spectator, The Libel on
the: Frogs anhy covers half of the bos, sc che coin
saa be seen at the lower side, Tarn che box bor
fronaal, door co the night. Open abe door with
ghey right thurmh, Turn the ben wx chat dhe opti

334 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

door Gees you and ix ae the bortom of che bo.
feptoee ai tee btn tee
the palm-up right band, Fingers curled eo a
Sena in ir. Chose the reer
thunsh and pur it away, Open a red foe
shone the quarter and give it po the spectator ee

examine

FAMAL THOUGHTS: Coin ie impossible becanion
effects work beer af ghe coun is marked. You con
bore a quarter instead of wing your own
‘When they book an-che quarter in the box iris
hard ro see whar icing it is; 0 chere is mo giroh-
fem if pou have a-acare quarter in the bow aed
they produce am obd-anyle caghe quarter,

Yea can aah’ use one hog ineced of en, lim
inating the need oo ewinch boxes Place cheee
breach strips an cop of he quarter. Cifer one bo
your speceatoe. Ehe rakes ir, exke our and ear the
remuining sri. Whe doeon't wane ir, remoee
and.cat iB chiew Igo have move than-one spoc-
fator, pou can offer che scrips bo therm as wel

NEST OF BOXES

This is a. commencially available erick, and there
are acecral companies who manufacture che
basic, Most arc of good qpaaliiy. The basic aem-
tine is that a mid coue vanishes and a Th
innde the smallest of a sevice ob baiting ews:
The original ploe appeared back in rppy in WL
Hoopers Hathmal Recreations, Volume 4, a1-
hough | could nor find a reference vo a method.
There |s another eng Professor Hofman’:
r7t Maden Magk wich a coin appearing ina
by decthd not wens the inde
erm wencions sold rodlay [but wiih no bedder fier
the tops and boteeme of the bows), Some of the
cathy routines involved usc of a codn alike fas
with the ploe of a coin appearing in a hall of
wool), The more niadery eerienn do noe

I never liked the origival premise of the rourine
where a muted coin vanithes, reappearing in
the nes of boxes, eo | came up with my own

method no cxcend che cousin.

Is this touting, the magician offers fe demon
straie the Goma Subysiqugicn Trunk Mystery,

ing a copper ani silver coin, Boeh coins are
sacked for idenificarion, ard che capper coin
ft placed om a Ibesis tape and ccwetedl with a
busines: card, The wher colin is held im the
hand, and wich a wave of the -ocher hand narns
inno the copper coin, When che card ie lifted,

hewever, the vilver coin i NOT undermearh.
‘The magician ewplains thar the coin maw have
gene chrough a crap door in the stage. The box
ie apened, to find anciber box. This is opened
to Find another, and another chased, box. The
fast boa js openesl, and the marked eilver coin
is found inate,

PREPARATION: Uhis description contaien fer che
firer time the complete mrchod | ute to perhores
this standing wp az che cable. Ie fier appeared
(without che use of che bag), on Volume Eigha of
the New York Coin Magic Seniinar DVL) series.
In order to perforen shit erick. you will mood! a
coetmercial sot of the Nest of Baxce, Ther con-
sist-of fern brass bases hat fa ore imide che
other, and the holder eo the uppor and
lower picors Gold wich che bee seal. | howe
mmouksficd the Boder slighily by adilinng 2 ber af
img to che berrom, fedoving the apace a bet
ween the cops and boron of ghe bocce by
init necessary bur seems oo help a bir. You will
ale oeed a small drawscring bag tine bs 405"),
a beings card, nwo marching quarters, and a
copper coin of che same dine (] ute a Bricich half
pera), The routine require: ase af a amall ooin
ins: (phedo 668 thoes. the boc, wine, bag, and
Pedder, while phote B69 aban the holder winch
ibe toga and borane im place). V use the [OL
Single Purse Ivy Jerry €¥Connetl which can exaily
he frum comesererally, Inia che pecteet vee foe
his rousime. You willalso need sek Sharpic.

‘To prepare, draw a small cercke om che nails sicke
ofone of che quamcers, Mace alll chee coins in the
mall purse, Make sure chat the ecin‘with checin-
cle is in che from, cincle side showing. The Nes
af Boeed are seq in am ot i mele gheir
fosdder- Tise the bos aed holder inex she |
Facing the open of che bag. The
open area Facing, pan i
baxtiness cond is Sethe Giga all on bop oF hse


hanes. The purse fs om papel thee card. (lone
hs deasciad oo the hag and place ir in your
lef. pocket. ‘he Shaspee is in che fete packer.

PERFORMANCE: Turn 10 your wedlence and say,
*T always waned ro do sage magic. Once I eameed
anperform an illusion for my neighbor mhere | amore
er per rabbit in half Sive said eke mould rarer I ie
something ele inptcad, sof chought, wiry aplie bare?
[et he a gs of Seid ed Ray the

if Aewcing gin. Hur J onbp hare boxes for
wailing packages | already have chnee somal! cove,
ded Pen dew eo Morn Carolina en buy at dane
deg pind cunfiir, Baar rhent mouldn's der me mee rhe
maka! ‘Howeser, | realized char maybe we can
perforvs one of rhe iy sarge illusions using sual! ob-
jects, | awewhare freed in wry magic bung of rick”

Take our the bag with the Near oF Boxes and
Jeeve toon ihe talte, The borrem proap of the
Newt off Raines abeceskl fie facing Up, ls pestiann
is load the coin, The apening af che bag faces
you, Open the hag, remove the pure, sind cake
erat the eoien wigh your right ham Table she
purse nh tbe bef. “Toss che coles ino che belt

ed, recaingng che coin wink che cincke design
berween che thumb ond fier finger: Imenediane-
Wy slide it ineo right finger palm, cincke side fac-
ing eareurd. Place che ro coins ange the table.

Explain tha Geomgc Washingron on the wilver
ae fe the magician, aml Chucen: Elizabeth on
the Sapper Goin bi your avian. Take our the
Sharpie, asd have your epectaror pur a desi¢n
er bitiel on he fee of uhe copper coin Tam
drawer and explain that you will abso drew a de-
sogri on abe other side. Crew a small circle on
tbe back barerhsorebiai nat rake
fi , cine side apainer che fingers. 5

bob silos of the pares ahen dee ik anee

CHAPTER SICTEEN = MISOCLLANDOUS 335

the open leh fingers a char ir falls one che Bele
hare, citele side eprward, Hace vour Leff thaemby
em the circle side, turn the Iefi-hand palm
down, and cable the cote Their devige shold
he Geing upward

Have che specranor also makes design on the
face of the silver coim Tum it over and. draw the
same a = Lapp serene
eopper coin land manching she tine ign an
aby duplicate coind. [ usually say thar | any noe
very artistic, so Fam going ww make ibe same
design. Pick up the Sharpie and the anal puree
‘with ‘pour belt hasnal arnd prot ther iste yous belt
pocket. Pick up the silver coin and display it an
ae right fingertips. Pretend co dremco the
left fiegers bur perform che Grip Swinch
dfiest raughe ie the rourkee, Handy Copper-Silver
Tramperition), described briefly as follows: Hold
ake colm berween the tips of pour righe thamb
and fina finger, Exrond che fires finger ard pois
the boreom cdge of che marked coin againar the
side of your curbed second finger, The codn mow
Seams againet che emtended finig fanger. 1 call this.
a pastel, Coraap che wi the ein wie
pee tn igo gt had ewer the Left,
which epess palm up with fingers exeended co
secewe the coin. Turm your rightehand palm
dyam, extending the fingers and. releasing the
finger-palmed galfed coin inco the left fingers,
circke side against the fingers. At the same tice
moqate the matked coin into an cbge-grip-like.
clipped position, held by the abemb om ome
edge and the intersection hemween the tides of
the fies: and accord fingers on the ogher. As pou
wighdraw your right hasd, cocdinue to reaane
the odge of the coins held fry che chum diswre
seund, punting dhe coin, ios night finger pales.

Iemediarely place your left rhamb on the coin
sono one cam ace thar che face has ne mark, Tarn

the hand ewer and place ton cop of amd ovorlap-

ping the copper coin, clock aide showing. Purach
inside the and boad che fi palracd sil
ver coin ino che nea of beers, bat alon': chise

i yet - cane, peer pes pene ce and
explain that the card wail Fophesett t eugtsin
me in the hig illusions. Place in down oo the
felt, Explain chat you also needa srage ea which
she illusiom will sake place. Show the righe hand
empey, aad then reach leside the bag and secrer=
by chee che Nest of Boxes. | iatehy bring:
our checked box and put ledown at the contr
of your close-up mac. Casualty pus rhe bag back
inte your packer or off nm che sick,

436 RUGINSTESN OOM MAGI

Pick up che card wich your bet hand, amd the
copper coin with your right, Explain thar the
assitana will be on ihe stage, cxmcred by the

ap the cats ene the edge oF the bon
ams snl second Rnper en ibar he
ade of the coin ander he Gest friger lies over
ihe alge of the box (photo 670), Preteed te cen
er che ooim and she boxwish she cond, Under
this comer, however, perfoma che KEP. move,
secaling the coin imo the righa hae wich
the-acoond finger aé you cover the box. Habeth:
Under the cover of the card, lift: che edge of tbe
coin with che chungh, and poet che for of abe
cain agains the hall of rhe scoond finger (pheio
G72) Curl ehe Fingercip, bringing the coin inpn
the hand an Hingeedigeancet pesition (photos BF2p
As ani bring your hand away, sqeneghy aeljuse
the cain wich whe right thaemb, tranaferning fa ba
finger pale. Pick up ibe sibver coin aed display
ft im leftchand Spellbound position, circle side
showing. Say thar you are mow eoing wo perform
the fimeus Subiitation Trunk Mystery: Erin,
the right hand weer abe belt, fingers aiid
aml themb bokling che copper cole againar
the finger, Perlorn ihe Kays handting of the
Vieewr Calor Change, dropping the silver cuir
ome the haw of che belt flegers, aired re} pid
fe with the copper coin. Move the right hand 1
the right, reveahing ehe copper coin as the fin
percips. Show boc sides of chic coin. Have che
spectator remove che cond ro revel che silver
ein underneach, bor no coin ie een! Explain
that sametimes chose scages have aap doors,
Hae ahr ator pack up the box amd shake
ic, a0 thar they can hearsemehing inside, Have
thems open all of the homes, finding the signed
silver cain ieruade elie Last Lae

(FINAL THOUGHTS: This roiiee bears soene-simi-
lagiiw co che rouriee, the Subsiurios Trunk At
rery, frond cliewhere im chis book, Hawever,
this rourine is more of a-showpeece. The ies
af signing bork sides of the coin rakes the bean
edFany idea of a ewiech, since a diesign ia always
vinible, Once the sikecr nie vanishes, pour ane
maewhere near thy box or the cand,


COIN IN COIN ROLL

Whe | wai a yeangeter, | Bove performing
the Ball ia Tahe myigery, le wet an inexpensive
cick, relatively caw to perform, and fooled all
my friends Well, | haven'e peeformed shar effect
in vears, bar ell remember che fue | had wich
ie. Apa char & how cis routine came about he
effect is aril che same bur pectormed with dif-
ferenr props. Instead of g kange bald mysecricanty
sinking inte a smaller cube, Dwar able mackiere
the same cffoce with a coin shady cinking inei
asmallor diaseetcr flag paper tube (a cuir tube)

PREPARATION: Inender oo perform chic moanine,
you need to po go dhe bank and pack ep soene pa
pe penen cubes Whew aay Gilty venes pennies on
thers, as che filled con redls comcakn filey pn
nies. You may need co pee a Bew dlifferene sevles
af col cubes From different bamks, at they ane
not alike, anal mot all will be the proper sine, En
onder iw make sone that the miler ie aber ri

tin, bt needs ba moct twat crigeria, Fist, ibe hall”

dollar showk) nor be able to ge danas he bode
on its cmen. Sool, when you pai. the Bist

(iced in che next aphi, ip A The
big emeagh to complenely caver che balf dollar.

‘Gara piece olf the end of one of che nabes, about
one and a half inches from che end. Garcfully
open bbupy place a hall dollar inside, and re-tagee

paper onthe inside so ahar che piece is nce
wider, and the coin Fire casthe inside it dphato-
673). Mace this extra picce bwitheut the enim)
ewer the end of an anoat coin ihe, oa it lines
iapewith the eral of che mae, Alfie a amall piewe
a iseblessek rape boone site of vis piewe ar
the botroms end and place che gimemicked subse
ae the bociom ofa stack of abssur [ie or six
normal pales. The double-cick cope ke om the:
inside, and the exp plece is ar the upper end

CHAPTER SIXTDON « MERCELLANDOUS 337

Misce a rebber bard around che stack at rhe
boctam of the extra piree, not enly bo hold dhe
atack ingeiber, but co hide ube end of che extra
picer. You wall alo neeel.a halfdollar, which rou
place ance yasar Delt pecker. Pisce the stack al!
eoiey mubes inne your righr pocket, and vou ane
ready oo begin

PEAPORMANCE: To begin. explain thar vou
needed sense coin rolls ie scene pour half dlol-
lars, so your gor some fram the bank, However,
emer you gos heme pou cealincd chat they mache
a-misiske - thoy gave vou roth thar sail fifty
cents, hut they were for fibne persica! Ax auch,
ihey wee ben ‘anal a Beck Woot oie Remove
the stack arta the hall’ dollar fram. your packers,
placing rhe half dollar oneo che table. Hold the
smack of vibes in your a hand, so thar the

doce is ot the cop amd simmormeckied muse is
Tei facing your audience. Catally nemeve the gin
micked roll with che left hana, taking care thas
your fi bide ihe beacom of the extra parce.
‘The docble stick tape picer mmight srick eo the
nol] behinel je, ignbeak wher separating the
atl ghat i tape sca Ome Oe geintichedl porce
Mage the restol the ack down and pick up the
halfdellar. Remark vkar when pou ried to pa: ia
fine the pale, yor realised char it was pon aenalll

Squecec the whe, so char che obe and piroe

Mace abe half dollar sehr
eine partially im che hehe dbscing,
noo armall eo for all the way insiske), Daemenstrane
ahat che cain can’ fie ineo the vale, bry prurciegg
iin and taking ie our a few times Say ae the
ely way vue can sralec it fie fe hy magic, Place
our dhiemab ua the double sick Lape pacee anal
held che cube veecteally wich your cubed Bete
fingers so char ibe pop ia even with your fire
finger (photo 674) Wich che vhumb, raise the


36 Ries Ty CON MGS

extra piece ue it mig over the half dollar (pee
‘tS7S). This is Geilisstied by the piece of ilowhle
stick tape. The husion is hat the cudn ix sik
ing fete the mabe? Ae che poine where abe lower
end af the paoce 46 ever with the hirer finges, the
colm should be encinely inside of br. Crice ba is
complecely inside, show the audbence thar the
coin is very cleanly lmside by leering therm look
right into the mbe, Otherwise, chey may chink
the coin is poing behind che cube, not inside the
tube! Make sume chat the audience can't tor abe
hhoptues edge of she piece as yim tome thee thar
the coisa is inside phic cubs.

To make che com come back eet of che cube,
slowly reverse ehe ueail che halFidoblae ts
expoted abour halfway, and the op of the cube
and extra piece are once apain alipned. To give
the tube ard coin our for ccombnasken, nemec
jour chun from che sape, fewer the cube in
sour haead a bit. so-thar che oop edge of the cube
anil extra picor are hidden by your Aire Finger,
Place your thimb om the back of uke coin, and
push at epward, our of the cube (phate STE), At
the sate elec, the Ianitess of the tule
with pur tigi anal pull i dererswasd andl
our ofyour kand. Bop che ovis enon che ssbb,
cor Hams it eowouer apeetaeue ‘with pour left bara,
which hides che cows pie. (sive then the nabe
with your right hand. Pick up the crack of ruber
wah your left hand. and ur them away along:
with che excra hidden plece. Take back the coin
and nabe and par chem away no ened

FINAL THOUGHTS: Moning whe pi anil
denen will take a hie of . thee, Heats need
ie manipulage the tule av becelicne the lattam
with che right hhisel Honerces, iF the expe is
sticky c itdheald noe he an iseet pa move
ft with che dheamb,

Fimally, the Ball in Tube idea war originally re-
leas an a rtarkered idem be janes Beare! as Alr-

an, diac mepprewrionie Angel (Aras,

chr aga.

Mysncricmay Fall)

COINS TO GLASS.

There are many coina te glast reurines in pring, |
Vike shit ome becuase be can be dione stamd-ip a¢
a bar oc inrestaurwnes, and rhe ooier can he bor-
rowed. Use of a exble ia required, This eourine
fas never ween printor been on a EVEL

PREPARATI: All ves need to perkorm this
routine isa shot glass for any small glass) amd
thece quarters. You can also gor hall dollars if
you don!, want yo bemew the coins and want

seer witibiliry

PERFORMANCE: Borrew choee quarter. Hold
them ina horizontal fan bnthe righe hand footie
atthe righ is innermoarh, Prevend ro cake chem
one ata time with the if hand, bur perfor
the Redinecin Purshack Move (Chapacr Treo),
based on che Pur-back sechnigue of Masao Areu-
kawa from abe egga Kaulman book, Five Times
Five (noel in dhe roasting Four fy Fourk; Briefly,
take whe coin aes the left vide oF the Far wih
the fefe fire fenger snd ahueab, Tarn your hand
palm up mo itgglsy ihe codny uber ated tinue fi
euprvard and nese of che fingers exneraled in
roar of the coin Begin co close vour left: hand
ape corn it pales down. As you close your hand
chip the coin berween the rips of che second and
third fingers. Using che chum and first finger
apain, reach from al po take the nexrooin in
abe fan. During this action slightly extend
second and third Fingers, secretly ing the
clipped coin aneo the hase of the right fingers

———————————SE ee

aml fecleting inte a fie Take the second coin,
dinplay ir ac the eips ef che ubwmbs and first lin-
per then dee it fall tea che hes. Tabor che chind
coinmwith che belt tomb amd fires finger, clingy
fan fer thar fall iene the fax are

Explain char pow are cg rake abe: cons
travel from your heard to the glass As jn say
ale, fe wih (pour tele Ger, ahen point no
ahe gla with our left Firse finges. This serves
as misdirection ay shat you can secectly clip she
coin beeween che right first and second fingers
acaheir bas Explain thar since che glass inopen
om cop, i cou be a simple macner to get the
onin inside, so you will cower it wel: womur hard.

Cover the gas with the right hand, fingers ex-

fended weigh ghe cies Kediben iis bra cli b
dion (photo 677) bmiscdiately place ar
pales ep en tap of che righe hand, 90 thar abe
goin can't be seen peocruding from becwecn re
fregers. Nore thar if yeu are performing for peo-
ple who are siting, you mighe want po consider
elther citing the hand downward or hobding
abe coin im purse palm 1a reduce che penaihilize
of the edge of the clipped coin being soon under
the fingers. Tap the right hard chree amex wich
the back of the belt Fat. Che che third cap, selease
the coin so that it falls inte dhe Remove
tbe hand and open the belt hand! 10 show only

(ven coir

Tose the rao ootine (eto dhe right hand, shen
pick ep the glias with the left hand amd pour
the third coin fram the glass onte the table, Mee
form the: KES. CTholt Flew, described briefly as

follows: Display bok coins between ihe tips el

be right ibumb and il finger. ‘Tur your

CHAPTER SIXTEEN » MISCELLANEQUS 330

iets che lefé had, eras che ceneer od voir
palm ara! ale heel of yous shal: Prereadd no
place dhe secand coin tne ihe hedt hand by First
touching into ake left pal berween the base of
the fingers and che coon in the ker hand. Sap
the coin deen om the coin inake palm with the
second finger, creasing a “clink”. When you snap
the coin down, your right scoond finger should
be on top. of the cain, anal the ball of the thurs
should slide back oo couch the inecramction be~
reeen the upper and midklle phalange of che
sound fi This ie eer he the puvieetin,
prsigion oF the righa hand in che deseripaten of
the ALCLES, mene,

Begin co chose the left hand areund the ooina,
Ag the band scans noche, grasp under the ode
of the cop coin wich che right ihamb and sc-
orecly lever the coin away from the hevrem ein
amd upward, to a vertical positiom. In wall tear
ageinat the ball oFabse secmerd finger, a6 veithy he
AOPS, mow. Comginae as if ypu were perkorm=
ing the CLES mow, cloaing the left-hand and
betnging the coin our of tbe hand with the righe,
the cote fimishieg in eigha fingentip-rest posi-
Hom. The illusion is thar ewe coime were ummia-
talabby placed Ineo che belt band, yet in realiey
ioonly concains-ane of them, che second secretly
stolen oar in che act of closing che bane,

Secrcaby trafic ibe oon bo Ginger pales. tou
anomie going eo mumlify che stamdand fine
ger-palm puumizion a bie, na make che hand ap
peat more apes. Pull back abe ahind a ase
catend the scoond finger. The side of che coin
ueeder dhe second. finger is pushed downward,
while the pare under the third finger is dren
upeeard. ‘This purse che coin ineo a sceni-verrical

pusition (phate @78) Pick wp che onim fron the

300 AUDTSSTEIN COUN MAGIC

table with ehe ghucnl and scooml Finger ane dis-
play iit to the aimdarnoe (pote 679). The oni in
this modified Giger palms can't he seen, and che
hard oppeart eeapey except far dhe cote at che
fingertips. This posicion was oviginally. devel:
oped by Mile Gallo im ehe lace eypors, appearing
in his i989 Slamese Colns Marwscrips wricien
by. John Bannon (alchough the specific Finger
pt illuitraced bur ror pessatel | ured
deer on bis eqgt Siamese Colm view im ibe
rauaine Hanging con Fume String dused im-his
handling of thie Sener Grip Vani

Explain char che first time, you covered che glass
with the fron of your hand, Bur chis time, you
wall gawer abe glass with abe hand palm wp, Tarn
your right-hand palm down, Pivot the coin un-
der your curled seesed Finger with your thamb
and glide ie under your corked fingers to be
grasped byoche fiwarth finger in Tekst pinch,
forace your hard palm up and allow the even ar
the base of the fingers ro slide dherers thse fingers
and drop inte che es fphoso G0). limi.
ately place the hand palm ap ower the glass oo
thar the coin beld in Tonkas pinch lies within
the opening, Put ghe tical fet on pop of
the right fingon, so thar the pinched Fingers are
heelden. ‘Tap che back of the banal ehree times
with che Jefe fice On che third cap, allerne phic
eoin in Tenkai pinch oo Gl jneo the glace, Nase
thar you ane patocning foe people wha arc
shecing, vor need no qake-cae thar they ene ue
the coin hanging from che pinched posiaion
You might need vo cil your right hand slight lw
inagead of having be lic Hat againse che opening
aFahe glass, po better hide the coin,

Remove the hands, chen open the Icft hand go
reveal only cee coin, Tosa ig iste the right hand,
and pick ep the plas wich the ele, epilling the
nob cole ono the table. Place the glans down
and toss the coin openly hack inew the left hand
from the righn. Say, “Kememnber shun cheer bs omy
ong code inthe heed! amd ino char fue gore fang
the glia.”

One az atime, place the pad coins openly back
neo the glass with the right hand, Close the
fefe hase! aru the eein, Pick up che glass at
the baenom with alse hgh thiemls anal fog ewes
Fingers. ‘The ai andl Giger should rest
ime the boron of dhe glass (photo Gd) Ex-
ain thar instead of usieg your own band no
cower the glass, you willl ise he Bue of she
specraror. Have them cover the cop of the phase
with their hand. Mace your palm up fist om
cop of their hand and lightly cap it race. Soop
and roma thar this time, imacad of porting
it dhreagh che rep of che eae yom will pur it
through the betiom of the glow. Moor our
hand te che duietem andl open it to display che
obten che pales af your harall your hand
palm down, wansferring whe evi he cigs oF
our left fiers, Wiehous hesication, turn your
hare palm up ond smack che coin aguinat the
ovrem of the glace. As eoon as the coin sorikes
the ples, grab ic with abe cip of thse sigh bind


fheger and bold it againac the boron of che gla
photo 682). Remewe che belt hand end spread
ithe Fingers no chow thar the hand i ermpay. Ask
them. to: nemncee their band.

pre choy plows ower ec the extencbed left fingers
of the palen-ug heft hard and seeretty doop ube
coin fram the boagots of the glass back ona the
fingers Curl che fi ugreand aad with Fo
ing of the glass facing vou, the at
Sho cole ate hehe bet." rated fingers
unnyeaw frown seeing how many cuand are
poured inca che hand Allow che coin con the firs
pers oo fall back onee che coins jue poured ineo
the hana. the Weft harel an lee the coins
slide ol ther and onae che table so en

FINAL THOUGHTS: | lowe the fre al this routine.
When you cower the glits the feat rime, the
dudiene docen’: reali whar you are going 13
do. The second gine, By muming che ham pal
ups, le neganes the ides thar you were congeal-
ing something im the hand. The shind cme, hey

cover the glass chemschues,

For the final coin, [offer am aleernaaive end
ing PE don’ Fike che way chat the beet of
the glass feels. I leave it te the reader eo decide
which chey poefer, ‘Toss the Lescoin back into
the kf hedfom abe cigha, aa hefore. Indicace
the cain, performing the ACES. move om steal
the ewin wat of abe as you close in inte a
fiw. Seereely oransfer che arolen coin to fi
palin, and pick up the remaining ewe coins,
ning them our ae che righe fingertips. The chind
eon is hidden by che Suabebrey tier by us-
ing Gallo’s modified finger pealer)

‘CHAPTION STEEN * MISCELLANEOUS 344

rcvap the’ cetns, chen tam tbe right-hand
down, sorely placing che coins on top of
the Hi diseasty coin. Gurl your Gngere anil

Lec all chree coins Fall eneo che fengertipa. Place
the rip of che shumb on cop of the stack anid
ihe fingers. Place all theee ool inba the

sh, Chen immedisicly grab ehe glass ae the
so char no one can see bow mame ooins

are really in che glee. Have tbe owner place

their hard on cop of the glact as before and mp:
ibeir hand Os dhe akin wp, open sour hand oo
shure char dhe cote has peneiraned.

AMAL THOUGHTS: ‘The modileed fieger pal
originally developed iv Mike Galle and necal
in his Spader Grip Vanieh, has alu becn called
by seme the Linwag Schelery falter Homer Lis
war's wc in his Mdt Aieay Virtiek, on his nad
Ceinthne FIM, amd ales called ihe Muddle
Palm by Luis Piolsahita, in his zor Spanish
hook (sory English) Coims amd Other Fables.
However, Mike (rally hus che fine: mecocded use
al chés percivion in ibe magical lireravure.

POLARIZED PLASTIC

This routine is relarively simple co perform, Ih
supertivially resembles a Spellbound reurine,
bur the premise and action are very different,
bn onder co preform chi roaring, wou will eed
po find an opaque plasti¢ disc chat is alight:
ly bigger than a hall dedlae, The ome 1 use has
mame ri in ir (photo 682). The dice maseri:
al similar to whas vou would fieel-as a cermer
for a Floreweene lagha Fixpare, This plastic can be
cal joopevificasiges Vou need po be able co sce
through che plawie, luz ehe visibitire showkd be
ahhic dilfiead, so that a coin placed underneath

B42 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC.

socene a big cloudy (pete 684) 0 Gund a simi-
lar sheer of plastic a: wevew, eeebullscom, ur
der Primaric Acrylic Lens for Flonesccne High Hay
Forres. You can alse go co Lowes for Duralenr
Cracked Joe Ceiling Light Foeels. Phome Depa Iss
a Prirmanic dary Replacement Lens for Trajfer
Light Fintunes, [am sure that with an Incermer
search you will he able eo find many cypes of
aémilar cheers of plainic.

PREPARATIME All vou eecd io perlonm this
routine 4s a allver half dodlas, and che round
disc, The half doliar snd she deve are ent che left

pocker.

PERFORMANCE: Kicach inca wour left pocker,
Giger pales the half dollar and bring our the
iim, Show the die to your gudience, Explain
thas you purchased it ina nowcliy sone, and in’s
made of polasieed plavie. tye mem irene way
the die appears clear, bur iF pou cues bt another
wy, lighs be refrocesd differcnaly, and an isnage
appears.

Hold the dine in right-hand Spellbound posi
tion, between che sips of che thumb and fern
iweu [engers. Exeenl ipl fingers and bold the
gainar bem with wee thamb. Bring your
‘efe hand over 1 the aight te tubs dhe disc, Un-
der the cower af ake Fnigers, iiert the dois un-
derneath the doce, Nhe wena heft hand back pa
the left, revealing che “image” of abe half dollar
in the disc.

Move your Jef hand back over che nighe ‘This
time, however, teach the disc co the palm. fuse
below the baer of the left first and second fin-
get (het BES) Moree your ket hand ro che lel,
pulling the dine backward uncil it lle olf che
coin ongo the hase af ike right fingers (pho
686) Rub a hin more, hen withdraw pour leit
hand co show chor ake dive hax became the hall
dollar. Covuully peeure wh war left hand
showing ir ro beempry. 7

Mace the half dollar into left-bomd Spellbound,
position, berwoen the tips of che leh chumb end
fies twa fin Rotape the coin ro show bosch:
tides, Exnend the right fingers and bald che disc
again then wath rhe thumbs. Hiring your right
hand omer the left, secretly placing the diss on
coped the half dobar. Hubs, chen withidlese your
right hand co the righe to ahore the image of the
coin through che disc, Explain chat iF you over
the disc ao char ir is shvtebdhedt Fre he light, the
image should disappear


eee: seer ne Ina wich fingers ecnenabed
he left oe When the isc is covered
piniinie dep: the half dellar once che base
of your fingers: Ir looks Ite you just waved your
hud ower the dice and the image diappeere

FNAL THOUGHTS: Male the clfert to find! the
plaitic: needed. ae perform this eee a ig
wall be rewarded with a nice teterlude

that can Fir anywhere in wor show, When you
uy che plastic, pura con undermeagh so sre
just hone diffuse che image a As I said,
ir should be cur are a} iy olgger thar 2 hal
dollar. Thais faellinaves a (a mowe rehire the
coin falls back ino che hare during the wave.

TIME FOR CHANGE
‘Thic ft another rourine thar plars small bus
hac.a hi t. The ha in simple. A hall
dllae placed ac sane: pas et

a Chinese coin ew eatin beovmies ivist

ia aha then becomes a loa of”

on on pehnens dh foe a spectaroe

stein, er my right sta eable. Je appeared on
Volume Twelve of the New York Coin Magic
Seminar (V1) serbes,

PREPARATION: You will nocd mwa identical
Godhman-acyle cain purecs, Cc ty filled with
dines, pennies and mickels. The other cmeaina a.
haifdotiar. You will abus rice a half-dhellar-sined
Chinces: coin. Both purses end the Chinese coin
are inyour right pocket 1 begin

PERFORMANCE: Rrach Ineo your packer, finger
palm ike Chinese coin, ond cake cur the puree
with whe half dollar. Place the purse neo pour
left: bund andl ask the spectaror whar iris, He
wail most likely remark shar ir ie a ooin purse.
Regardics-of hia answer, explain that ix tx called
a coin purse became it consaing ovina, Shake
it co show there is sunscrhing inside, Chpers the
purer. and place it onto your right jaalm, cerecr-
ing the fimecr-palmnd coin, Hae hina tremor
the hall Seller, Miter fer taleen ong ile oain, eae
waally take she bene with ibe ket hand, hold:
it open an abe palm. “Ihe dnp. be at the:
Het ‘ibe chums) aed fire fogs "Tallee back
the half dollar with che right hand and hold
it becweer che cips of che thumbs and fires fire
a vlan char abe fancebon oF a coin prec i
coins, Bur chis puree also has anocher
name. ~k bcalled a change parse, hecause things
can change ineide it.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN © MISCELLANEOUS 345

Mececrd eo droip the half dollar inside che
Soo me the fingers rar oy ade i
againsc che firse fimger wit
sp ae is sip oe the Chinese coin into the
purse (pico G87). The coin can't he acer dur
no the coverage of rhe igha Fin Chee the
claup ard shale the purse, ¢ pace i ech
right hand over the hall half dallar. Open che class
with whe left Fingers. Hace him reach enside the
rec ard reece the Chinese evi. Aa mnsey at
takes out the coin and examines it, eae ig

yurse and A ara Pe Le ee ya Eb
et fora ereerul telies it by she cla: ee
ihe repalar purse and if dollar, ‘anal geabision

/ with che change (picking le up by che

ect che wae way wou held che fons parse)
a sour bdr no the se | in order pa pana
ac the cofn wich your heft hand. This brings the
right sideof your bady away from che apecea-
nea’e fine of ght aml aes to hide abe awitgh.
Focus your antcotionon che Chic eukn as you

free seat hoew slatfereed ic bs finan ihe ball
ie Mace the puree onew the table ak you alee
hack dhe Chinese coin wich the left hand.

Valk abour abe -oymbets onthe coin, and che
hole. Place che coin os the palm-up left hand
ard indiare che bole, performing the ALOE
coin oo an cdge-grip-like position, ul
edges beoween the themb and intersection be-
een che sides of the fer ra fingers Chpen
the hand explaining chat sometimes the hole
ea big. it tthes ug the whale coin, making
coan ieniathle,

244 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAgeS

Pretend cosake che invisible coin with che cighe
steerer Rost ages sere eee feat
spectator, The cofn in the edige-gripy like: posi
thom cane be seem because che Sot ol the ihaenls
and Fingers arc pressed tometer as if absey held
aoain, Place che invisible coin inca left-hand
‘pclthount pasicion, briwecen the rips of ihe
shuns anal fers awe Fingers Gas if they really
beh a con} Exterad ale rig fingers, pressing
the con ink ghem wit the ie . Bring:
your right hand. ower che left-and waver dhe in
visible coin. (Grasp ahe Chinese coin with ehe
felt fingers and make rubbing moglone wiala ale
right fingers, Withdraw veer righe bund co ake
righe, revealing the cain

Explain thar the eoim isa bit ehy and doesn't
like fo he out very long. Perform iy ariacion
of che Walter Gibson Spider Cini Vanish (anal
first rughe in the muting, Triple Cots ro tant),
as follews: Cover whe cos with the right hand
aa iF vou were going 1 perform o French deep
Under the cover of paar fingers, mowe
vour left forsy Finger under the coin and push it
into vighs-haral classic palm. Close your hand
aroused he eoin and extended fire Finger and
withdraw qurehe cigha, Clow your left hand irae
a muspiciirt Siar and ping ais abe righ bared
Open saoar right downward in a teeing
gesture eo chow char che ein, ix gore femt be
ting aeyowr see che coin in vlasec palenh, and a.
bear lateropen she left hand with an open-palm
geumuec

Explain a afer the sae * never
peck aoxe far, it just into t ree.
Pick up che pore dad place it inea the lef hand
Open ehe clap wiih che righs ibamb and fue
finger, lacing che claisic-palisedl Chiscer coin
drop a ingle rea. Exeend che fingers aml
peach iene 6 purse. Push the Chineie coi ca
the fingercips with the themls as sau come our
of the purse, a6 Hf you are remining the cain,
Mabe sure thar che loose change in the parse
can't be seen. Bisplay che coin im che pabmewp
righr hand on che tipsof your estenitesd rs ad
sooo! fmgers, Pretend to place it back tines ther
pune but retain it between the cheamb and Firat
finger, Tranter i¢ i finger palm as vou close dhe
<lasp, Take the purse with your right hand and

ive ita shake. Explain shar once again, i's cime
oa change. | you hake ghe pears dhings do
change. Fines the pore over the eon pest ad
it. Say thae change comes from ‘within.

Tern yorur eighe- hand aver and spall che chan
inet aha baa hued. Finish by ae
Shange br good.”

PURAL THOUGHTS: ‘Vhis rourime bras a

foel, best such more wecurs. The change alwave,
happens in the purse, which & the fie of the
rematine, The witch of the pearse ac fren a
deck owiteh hile of the Lire Daryl Mare nae

THE COUNTERFEIT COIN

tn thiveffece a coin is shorn po be councerfea. Ir
looks lite 4: balfdoltar-on bork sides, bear iF pou
look im che eubddbe vou cam cell thar it is Chi-
ote sraeyper gp rast Path

bed to Stealth palm. Miboagh | preter
to perform routines that utiliee Secalch pals 0
se vit cam be vie one
sanding 3s m van be Ee ab
Viewers nivlorlgak tha the cola in Stealth bhi
wort be seen, This dikes originally appeared
on Volame Light of che New fark Colin Magk
Seminar (V1) serbes,

PREPARATION: All you need for chix mounine ia
a half dotlar, and a half-dollar-iined Chincer
coin. Place the (chimces coin ints beft-hard clas
tic palm, Hokd che half dollar in your palm-up
right harwl, tail side up, fingers ox anil
‘yeaa are erauly it beegion

PERFORMANCE: Explain no your audtence chan
you feed a couneerteir coin ina local coinshop.
They make them in Chima.as nowelry inema, bur
they find abeie way ineo this coantry, Shaw the
coin on the base of the right eroond finger, eal
tide up, Explain shar the cain booke perfers
foe cither the head or tails ade, Place vour
lof fingers en op of che coin, thumb wniler-
fearh (phate BEE) Turn the coin over slowly en
hin the beads side, chundhing i: oneo ahi tips:
of abe right extended firse Stl com Race
{photo He ware co gover che classbe-palmed
Chinese coin with vour belt secomd, third and.
fourth Fingers so chaa ic won't be seem. Ture i
cover in ibe same way wo chow the calls side, plac-
fig: bt becker whee base oF ther second fonger.

CHAPTER SIRTLEN * MISCELLANEOUS 45:

Explain char ala! the coin looks ect,
you can tell from ing ae che midi the
coin wan made in China, As yous say this, chiog
the Chinese onin go Gngertip res. Extend che
Jef hegers and place wour chumb on the face
ed che Chinese cvin oo (hold ie nt the fine
a. Bidack ever co apparencly mune weer che hall
lar agskn, bear ui the cower of the ledt tin-
gers, roll he half dollar neo Sead: fas ie
Chapter Six), described briefly as Clip
edge of che coin with the chin finger, and
roll it ewer the third Finger like pau were along
a onin toll, Grasp the oppenite ode oF the onic
with the foserihs fanper. You anc now holding beat
vides of the eoie by the edge bereren che sec=
andl ared fourth finger. Move che side of the chind
finger ewer co the second finger, ao chere is ne
apace becween chem. Make sure the fires and scc-
end fingers stay cerendied and brewer che foanh
finger so the coin tilts downward and below che
hard. The coin is now in Secalth-palm posite,

Aw vou oranafer che half dollar on Seealch gabe,
anmocion with che left hand like you were
durnieg over che half delle ones che Fiest ancl
fingers. Imad, dumb off she Chinese
cola eno the wight firs and second Fingemips
photo GOO). Whis is thee Sonalch- LW: Posinken.
Ir fooks fike you curned ower che half dollar na
eves! the Chinese coinon che onber side,

Porform the Stealth Tor, on moos abe bali dellar
ines the qiber hami, Where are nwo eypes, be
pending Wyo wane br coat the evin an displ,
er ibe ooin in Srealeh palm Por this rouring, we
are poling oo poss the coin in Stealth pales ino
ahe other fund. (See che FINAL THOUGHTS. sec
ion fora way co show book sides af the Chie
nee coin f year chum on the Chinese
coin, and rarn yur eon palm ge che
deft, releasing che grip af the fourch Finger om
ihe Stealgh-palmed enim (er the mote of che
‘wrt torn propel the hall dollar oud wf Stealih
palm ome the extended fingers of the palm=
‘op left hand Pause for a eement and cay char
most only beck atthe drone amd the back.
Charing « betel’ you can ciber red] che
Chine coin riphe iene Stealth palm or dh

it dive che fingers and push in inno Seal
palm with your thumb teicher method works
just fine). Immediately nose che half dollar hack
ve the palm-op right hand eo char it Lone om
whe tips of che righs fire and second fingers in

Paplay Pow

#4) AUBINSTERN COW MAGIC

FINAL THOUGHTS: If you want, vou can show
Bech sides of the Chitsre gain belere cransform-
ing ir back eo the half dollar. (nee che Chinese
coin is displayed on whe right fire amd second
Fingercips, Turn che vighs hae ae be atten front
palm up co palm co the left, and let ghe masions
peopel the coim.oene she left dimgens, “Whe half
dollar way in Socal palm. Be sare nota bet
the cola exon through che space beeween the
thin! and fourth fiegers wher you mun whe righ
hassd. Toweit eight back, chen rm the Sceaink
‘Vise again to eos che half lallar a& dbrecribbed

NEST OF ENVELOPES

| have always loved the plot, Cosine ao Impose
fe Locurign ‘Where are a ape using the
plot in chis bewke “This is yet arggher, bay ghar
per’ are simple, and che mines have already

taught in caher nourines. The original idea
for nest of exreclopes lis very oh In Professor
Hodfman’s afiga book More Mage, thete is a
roucies by: Ewgone Werback eenicded, Verbeck's
‘Weelding-King Trick, where a borrowed ring ap-
ier in a scaled new of ceclopes. The agg

‘Gein Magic be Jean Hugand contains
a Teurine cal Cain and whore 2
marked coin thy a hale serach) apocurs in a
nes of cewelopes. bt was said eo be a favoring of
‘Charles Bererum. ‘These was. alse a patios in the
1942 Tarbell Course in Magic — 'Vohuene ‘Tana by
mp Verbeck encitled, The Cole in she Auda
ical Bepelopes, Since Verbeck died in iqasg, his
reatinc with a coin actually predaces che 19q5
Hugard ecfoncnes. Mane recently, there isa veuy
oe nic a sealed envelope along with the markes=
od Near of Waller by Sick Einhorn, and Sreve
Sbalton sella marketed vencion using a meet of
envelopes called Inane Chaege,

PREPARATION: Mecied pa pesfonn ibis rou-
tine ane wo small 22" coin eevcloped, cee peg
squaec omeclope, a goa” andl a peg" fe enwe=
lope. | faened Mr ar hese ermchopea oe dhe Brier
net fooin envelopes and pilt cord envelopes cass
be found bath on orycem amd amazon.com
For the rger envelopes, similar sizes canabe be
satel (Pye cans fend these exact sives, All should
have adhesive Flaps: but if me, pou can use cel
lophane cage on che flag Vien willl ala need a
qqaareer (che aype alacse't mater) Te prepare.
place the quarter leno ote af the axa" ervelopes,
and! seal che flap (if mecdedd, swish a small pricce
ef the ocllophane cape). Place abit ins che nar

CHAPTER SHNTEEM * MISCELLANEOUS 247

tigger siee envelope, and complecely seal it. Whit
6 chen placed into che near one, and finalke che
large: envelope, each complevely seabed: Mace
this Inge your belt packer. You will alex
need a Sharpie, which ix placed into your
right ct, The remaining axa” cewchope bith
aureall pocce of rape on che open Aap if needed
inal intothe right packers,

PERFORMANCE: Jak ie horn a quarter Hare
the person leruding ‘it the quarter che ups as
axiet you. Reach into vour pecker and remove
boch the nest of envelopes (which is placed on
the able ro your left} and the Sharpie. Ack pour
specmrar io make an idensifving mark on rhe
coin. Explain thar there és only caw-coim in the
world with this mark, which makes it avery rare
chin, Whenever you come across = oon ay rane
as this, vou focl itis imporiang te place at inte a
irotecehee crvclopse fier Se paroece tion. Place abe:
Sharpie ante your eh pee ard withdraw
the open ave" envelope. Hold che envelope flap.
ap adel open side Facing yoru le your righ hum
Fecoeks paid iuiesh Gh bese tos Brieets aha
to 204), ies preparation for pesforming the Fake
Invernion (and feng ceughe in whe rourime, Cup of
Copper Silver). Briclly, pick wp the marked quar-
tex, bokhing it in che bie hand ac ake sop odes

iret abe firee finger with che chum, wi

resto che fh extended PeSnting
the righa, Wish the side of the lef: scennill fn-
ger, pad the Aap of the creclape back tower
the auliene: las with phote 265), and preted
or slide che cote ino the eevckepe wiah abe heli
thumb (as with photo 266). Crive ia bi of ace
Thon at yee antempe i apparenaly saci it bang
the ereclope. Grasp ihe eoie oiesihe she enves
lope with che righe thumb (as with photo 287),
grasp the left pop of the envelope wih che bef
thom and first finger, and pull the eneckope up

end qe the left a fine bir (photo 268). Lick she
flip ofthe envelope tue if ahere is rape on che
flap just flip to down eo seal che with
the felt chum. Pull che coin into righr feger
an ae rou acal the envelope. Place che enve-

pc an the gale,

Exptaie ahae for secariy, you niece addignomall
protection fer ghe oan Poce'a lass lor seme
awher abject) over che coin envelope, isolating it
onthe coble. Direct yarur sreencion no the ernie
lope thar wou placed at che bebr idk of che robte.
Peck ieupwith che left hand, ar che same time
secretly transferring che coin co righr fingertip
rest. Place che over che coen and hold
peed pnd aig dodo ri aici
Loss inger. Explasn chat inekbe the ene

in an inmusence policy ibae jane shears carry in
ease aching to eheircsin, Place bogh
abe envelope and cain bilidlen undemeath hack
em the table to ihe engha. Casually shure your
Bands to be cexpry.

Explain chat the reson you need somuch secu
wiry iy chat thieves are eh bea and re foe
every oppercunity oo steal objects of value, In
fact. pou probably neod wo chock the envclope
cee more dime, Remeve the plan and pick aye
the Lisle sumprisnd anil say st aber
coin hat deadly been stolen. Rap-up the enve~
hope ao shurw chat che ean iw peme, ‘Say, “lente
worry, though, | took our an ipuerance policy.”

Canually show your hands no be eenpry, hen Hit
up che envel (und coin hidden usdermeach)
with che nigha , secoecly hasicling: abe mantic
coin against the envelope with che ips of ithe
fingers. Hold che Busine berwcen the right
thumb end. first wo fmgers, Hap on nop and
facing vou, Stick your left akemb under che flap

S48 RUBINSTEIN COoN MAGIC


and the enwebope and bend! it back so chat
A Pyar a
whe auch inside dis en ‘with jour kee
thumb- and. Firer fieger ane ucithdraw the
aceon envelope Lang", Show (Bae ie is seabed,
then place ig.on. pepe che Langer envelope in the
tt Ratnove this open covebope with the:
fe hand (which leaves che smaller eny
nop of the quarcee) and diseatd ito the ca ih
the qxq* envelope with the bee

wour left.

thurh, bending whe flap back as before, Shrw-
remove che yxy inside with the idle
mil showing, zoo be Rlace iron op a

the lagper open envelope. As befine, eomowe the
phi cot re pa a ae
eo your left. This again braves che eraled erroebope
oe gop of tbe quarcer,

the envelope welch the left chunih ae before,
i ever tothe other side. Reach in-
aide with the left hand and slowly remove the
meet (ara) onvelope. Show both sides and place
fon cop of che opened Barrie tte
opened eneckope with che Ife hand (leaving the
amall ceeclope on pep al the quarter) and din
card it te pour left. Pack up che omelape wih
e fete earl {omsing, nur righ fiegers im:
ward oo char ihe ret eave bh fingertip nei
and de’ seen) and chake irae chat a cols cam be
heard inside. Rector che Envelope Sedscinecion
tas first taught in abe rourine, Cup of Copper S8-
wer). Hriebly, bold! che nop oF che om: quarter
againaratbe right firsr finger with the thanks end
wie kee theta, high pier
Puree oe Fhe eos irae
thia bogs and lever abe sie tdig off tc Reger
with the thumb (ereasing 3 herween the
cool dhe enim and the fi . This wedges rhe
basen berween che ienerceciien of the
aides of the second anil dhind Fingers (aa wich
photo 270). Imenediacehy insect the envelope
trina the righe hand between the first and seccend
Fingers the eoén fas in photo 270), Push the
thumb Cand coin) against the back of the enve-
lope, presing all against che extended first andl
sccomd Fingers las im pieote 2721.

CHAPTER SINTEEN « MISCELLANEOUS 349

Use your Erle thumbs the cnveloge by
ssicking it umber the flap, lifting ase curring it
over to the edber vide As am open che enve-
lope, secretly alike che coim 1 tbe ceneer val’ the
enveloge with che thumb {as wich phobs 273),
Shew your eft bund wo be 1, iben reach
into the envelope with the left fret finger. The
left thumb marece behind the crvelope, ane
cote the marked quarces (ax with phage 274,
— ta a the een ae bur _
it azul j t ct straight wil
the ee hua ard Ge fnger Hand i o

exter andl have hie idewnily that it ix indond
the doin he signed ace gave vou eo use.

Ac che same time, perhorm ihe Enowlope Sroal, a3
follows, Niece your right secoed finger coke in-
net side of the envelope (phate 275) and relean
the thumb, clipping the envelope berwere the
First ama scoond Angers (phate 278), Place yer
thuml back on the covlope and cramer the
first fimger to the opposing side, which renaucs
the oe the opening. 2 now ar the boa
edie AR 277) Secret Aa i coin full
ou alt liste el ngers. Caaap
the envelope with che left ria teeretly also
caling the excra quareer underneath and poss ir
ano the cable, reraiming: the quarter in che left
hana eo endl Your right Rand ah now Fro et ols
the hand of your spectaror: Aa yeur spectapar
pkas head citkpal tho envlerts and place
chem away, togeeher wigh che cera quarter.

FINAL THOLIGHTS: hts & a very | nave way
vo perlonm New of Boxes, andl very effective. |
originally wrove the rourime so thar che xpecta
cor's coin (in che eewelope inplain view on che
table) disappears after the ceerlarion of their
soon in chee nese of envelopes, bur afer a discus-
fiom with Mile Gallo, cc-wrate the roucies wo
that the macked enin would vanish before che
revelorian. Hewewer, cher ct agifl a anal weak-
fost inde the spectaeor dais apen the lag en-
velop, Pauw bo odoch in ihe marked ooin.
Vhe next owe toutines ide 9 scharkon with
different methods I leave it up ve the reader to
dlevide which of the three mechods will work
bacon Ber hee.

380 RUBIRSTEM OOM MAQoo

NEST OF ENVELOPES METHOD TWO.

| was concemed abour the weakness in the first
method and curned co my fricnd Mike Calle
for sone advier. | incarporated exe.af his
leas inte the fer routine. Wak Mailke’s Belg 1
worked oat a hanedling which allows the specra-
cor co open the final envekape.

PREPARATION: too will need everything used in
the prior routine, exegpe for the extra cpaareer,
apie as bit —_— Seal the ey ane

> Place char ines & ut oelope ts
is ree arated, and chat inte the 9x9" evelope
which is sealed, Place chi inte yous left pocket.
Seal eee of the axa" cenvelopes, Place is flap side
up behind whe other a2" emclope, flip open
aml faring wp. Hdl boch aogether a bate
com of che envelopes with a small paper -
Blold chem megether onky ar the very tip of 1
ipso char ir will be easy co quickly remove it as
you take the ere our oF your pokes), The
cowelopes arc {nao ther righe post: You
will aloo the Sharpie, Mace this ineo che
right pucker amd you ane ready to begin.

PERFORMANCE! ‘The ace perlonmasce ed che
poutine is che same, bor the esechod wardes, Aske
for a quareer, wid have che speccaror come up
to assist you. Reach ineo your packers, remoy-
ing the nesr of ervelopes wish pour belt hand
and placing and placing iran-the cable wo wour
lof. Remove the Shanpic with your right hand,
amd have he doln slpnod. Awk your apeceator to
make an idonrifying mark on the coin. Explain
thas there iy only one enim is the world wink chit
mark, which makes ita very rare ooin. Whenev=
et yeu come seross a coin at rare as dhit, wou feel
it ick ane fo place at iano a provecsive en:
vel re pooner Take back che Shasple
and place it back inco your righr parker, secrer-
ly removing che clip and withdrawing the raw
axa" held nogecher with the walnut
envelope hidden bebind she open one.

Tun pour right-hand palm fl imei
with the Seti hazel, and sherwdy place a ieaor the
envelope so chat dhe apeciacors can see the coin
going in. Chnee the exon is in the envelope, curn
your right-haeed pales inward and flap up, and,
teal che Flap. Pull the sealed erblegse dw abis
with thurnls ond aake che envelope behbnl

place ic doen om the table, The remain
ing envelope comraining the marked cein is re-
rained im finger palm.

Explain char for securicy, need addivional
provction for the coin, Place a lor some
eaher object) ower che coin + Isolaring,
it ort the rable, Direct your aigencion to the

thar yen placed at the lefi side of the
rable. Pick ft ep with abe left hand, Place she
Large envelope ewer the 2x2” envelope and hold
beh berween the rigs of the right chumily amd
second finger. Explain thar inside che envelope
bean insurance policy char you always carry in
case anything happens co cheir coin. Mace bath
the lage envelope and small envelope hidden
urelomcath back an she table te the right. (2a-
anally thew your hassle te Ihe ompey,

Evplain thar che reasuny yu noel oo each: secu-
riny bx thar thieves pegs atul lewk fer
every opportanity te areal objeces of vahee, In
fact, you probably need co check the envelope

ome more cies, Reecmore tbe and
the enve epee feat
= aes peo ets Rip up che enves

i he coin i gone, Soy, “Don's
worry, theugh, | book quran insurenee policy”
(Casually show f bands po be empty, thes
uit ups the eave! [and che small ae idan
underneach) with che right hurd, holding che
emall envelope againet the large-ane with your
right fingers. Hohl the large envelope: berweer
the right thumb and fimgers, flap on cop and
facing you. Stick your left thamb under che
flap and open che enecloge and bend ir back
sa thas ot in now held behind she cenvclope with
your right frat finger, Point che sick te
ward your aediqnce. Reach ineide this cevelope
swith your left chuesh and fiver finger, ard slow
ly wichilrsw the secon cmcloat kat "Shane
thas ir is seabed, thea place jeer rennet thc Gece
enwelope inthe righe hued. Remove akis open
envelope wich che left: hand (whieh leaves che
smaller envelope on cop of the 22” envwlopel
ard sliscard. in om che cable co your bet. Ti
the ang” envelope with che belt chumb, ing
the flap back 2s before, Slowly reeneve the yxy"

inwidle with the loft hand, uhowing a
te be sealed, Place if an nop af the larger
A before, remover the open can

with your felt bard and discard ie eo your
Thin again leaves he sealed envelope on cop of
abe sa? envelope. Seerecly eraser chis deaall
envelope oo ight finger palm.

Pack up she pf cries with the left hand
ee into be seabed. As you
tho thie ee wecretly pel back che right side af the
med envelope with the thumb. Take back che
pep envelope wath the right hand beter che
email envelope aed ibe fengers, me Ghat che seal
envelope ts loaded in frome of che bigger ane.

Open this envelope with whe lef thumb a be-
fore and reach inside wich your wighr fingers.
ana ithe cid eal re

Pull che smafl enve! W wo char ir
appran socom our af the xq" eneclape, Shake
it, dhoweimg that there is aemmedhing inalde, Crive
it fo your spectagur pu examine and open, He
will ised his signed extn to eral

FINAL THOUGHTS: As you cam eee, chis rourine
is very similar. to the prior one, The advantage
bere it chat che speceaner omens che bast enve-

which isvery serong. The weakness ix that
nan a pd vesecerts nip s peren

li i Emportant 1 take cach enve wit
the righs hard at yom pat the priec omc on che
table, se thar the right hand & pectey much al-
ways holding snesech iti. Dhste madara at exaher tes
keep the envelope hidder. Noah rourines wre sill
overall yeey scrong and get a good auullemoe re~
action. The rowsine thar iotkres consains yer mn
other mechod, which acrempts co alleviace che
weaknesses of the first ewe rourines. | changed
the peeemarion a bit, amd you will meed some
addisiqnal preparation.

THE SYMPATHY CARD

bis nearing ihewecases another way bo podorn
the New of Envelopes, cxoope that the-codn isn't
tigned. Here, the spectator can arpen all of the
eeveloprs and shere-are cemvineers qo -satiafy the

etapor thae the coin in the Laer en isin
foee, the Soin he gene for the roasting ‘The pres
senaarion isa ber

a showpiece.

PREPARATION: Yu will nocd owo identical
quarters chat have been marked ina subtle enan-
nor, Aaah The Beat Gein Routine, vourwall newd
two identical wate quarters, with adiscinet tails
wiele teach: aa the (Gonnextigut qairter with
4 tee oe the tai leh Wir will roel BO, pife=
matk the Comnecticus ipearters, Using boah a
humaner and Mhillips bead scecadiriver, make a

ierene andl snakes br mere al

CHAPTER SIXTEEN * MESCELLAMEOUS Jit

dena in the oni ar che teft side of che eree, Make
the identical mark om the second Conmecticur
qqaarecr as well, Sec che unborn quarter in photo
S82 co pet an idea of whar the quarter shold
bewcik: bike) peak pth eters nd pate
fer envelopes acel ical ie, This pace tee coe
envelope fale sealed), anil plat the qza"
envelope which apais is sealed.

‘You will ase need a Sympathy card. You cam el-
ther buy a commercial one or make your own
through ene of tbe inert coonpanics thar al-
low: you pe male pour ean cards. ‘This is whar
1 idid, through wewllutterihconm, | eclocted a
Wank card which allows vou go write amvthing
ou KoRn en ibe feces can the taaade, (hs che
fren | put, "Wish Decpear Spmpauhy for the Lett of
spour coin”

bnside om abe eft, I woove che following in pocen
form: “Tam av sorry floor your coin, ir mighr have
dropped, or been purlsined Hur in order io avoid a
rift, pleaie scerpe chit firele: gift. [you're happy, it
shen’ he eneagic, tefien Prey eagurire ret cks ame magi.”

The photo ont che ever fs ehiag fa lonely cvaen-
ory road, something you mighe find on any Sven-
pathy card, anil che back is my pores and adver
rising informacion, Inside che card oe the ©
side. cape che nese of envelopes eo thar chey cam
he cauly oe cena ineo the ney
envckope, seal ie, and place this iowa-your &
pexker, ‘The dupticane ‘(Connectioat quarper
is eld in righe finger palm. You won't need a
Sharpie for this reutine.

S52 RUBINSTEIN GOIN Man

PERFORMANCE: As before, sk to borrew a
Fa cer. Take i¢ wich che right hand and per-
rm the Pano! Grip Sarin tax fore gaught in
the rourlne, Handy Copper-Seher Ticamapunitiont)
iad akrogy at the Cannecticat quarter inge the left
hand dof courue, wou can war any coin ewiech
chat males vau feel conmdortablel. The spect:
tors coin is retained in right fisger palm (be
cause Of che sive of ihe quarter, | just hobd ic or
the base ef che dhind finger). Remark that there
were (ifty-raro saute quarters minced. Lowk at
lt, and caplain chur cach bas @ aniper desige,
amd this one is a Connecticut quarccr, dated
eg (show fir no rhe epectapor as ya alnucien
the onin). Ir hat a anigar desig of adeec an the
back, OF alll che shabe quarters, this happens 1
be the rare of all In acklisiow, there i a deere
inet by isdicacing che coind
it Keck ae ear as a cefece, bot
oie would borvre chart it ie
a mitsaamp, making le ever mone valuable. fr
is probably ears al a million dollars, In-
dicaced che coin again, performing the RAPS.
mone Secrechy place the quarter on ap of the
quarter already in fing sialon ax ue swiehdrar
‘your right hard are < pour Teele: inras a feve

Tell yeour specaatcr dhar dis coin bx coowaluable
for wou 60 tise anal etare 12 gbee it back. Howey
er open your left hand co show char the ooin ie
nog dere. (Lonk suinprised, carn bach hands palra
up (the coins En finger palm can't be seen) Le-
ver che rim of the coin in fimger pals wath the
thumb ve put chem im Mark's Holding positions
(as fren raughe within the dewripiion of the Ade
lop Click Pa), catcnsd abe fingers of beth harks

rea your choi and a lhic heriber down,as if
hee Renan ehem ic

wows incre hoki fe
‘their fi

geet palite position.

Acc ditnaughe and remark how bad vou fool
that the cole & gene, expecially because it wet
probably worth a million doltars. Bus you wana
remake loupe him, so reach ingo your right
pecker, dump the coins (they anc antall and
ween’ make noise ag eon drop ghee brn yunee
pockcthand bringout the sealed envelope, Have
hing open it and ncad dhe cover, then. the inside
pace, He will then remove the eenclopes and
epen dheni unr he finds bis cole.

For the loss of
your coin

FINAL THOUGHTS: This presentation is a sixrw~
piece. The onhy weakness imabic pouring bt thar
the col isn’s signed, lout those, |
offuce by che cnicreainment value of the
pathy card and che feet chat yam have given: ites
neers that the cuir is unique. However,
you cin certainly ine chin pectencation
with a ¢igned coin, by ineonporacing che card
fate ome cd ube other wo routines. In the cone
E hod, the nesrof enveloges would
he card as with chit reaine. bur
inside the envelope along wih the card. Have
the spectator remaver the card From che enve-
hoger amd read it, Look inne che cand envclepr,
ake owt the scaled noir of conchopes, and peo
cond as fie che firue roucine.


Learn from cach performance,

You can always find a takeaway

that will make the next one better.
Dy, Michael Madinstein

cian will learn a coin

Agoodm
trick and strive to perform it well,
A great magician willlearna coin
trick and strive to make it better.

Or, Mictael Rebinsceere


Chapter SEVENTEEN

COINS & POKER CHIPS

Ma’ THE FORCE BE WITH YOU

This is a method po foree the names rahecipe
coins om each of cheee tarors. Alibough

bani nemariinic ix riovided hex’ the uses of seh ts
gpsnena arc limited only by-vour imagination, |
haa never been im print or taught ox any DVD.

PREPARATION: inorder to perhirm this roa ine,
vou will need fear identical poker chips twich
the same design on bogh sides), a purse to bold
them, sheet pi and Sharpie, aed "1° or
tay? white adhesive labels You cam wee: bigger
printon che langersiee labels, making it easier
tore fora larger group of people. You.will none
iharalthough chis is acoin routine, you will nee
any coins.

2 pi! afhe the sicker go the ecncer of

», Cowal the chips, write “half dol-
ie on the aickers (or just use your compater
oo pring on abe evickers) “The thied hip bata
words “Eegla penny” wrictem on tbe stick:
er. The last chip has the words “Chinese coin”
written on the sticker, Cn one of the habfdallar
chips, you will vlus affix u sticker co rhe opposite
side chat says, *Englich penny”. This chip will
function just like a Teileee coin, Prete
G4 choms the front and back side of aaerof the
chips with na3" sickers, with che disable-sticker
chip showing 2t the right of che set.

Mace the ahree slingkesticker chips inco a purse
with che stickers face deme, The chi with de
ren stickers pots. ints your t, a
with che purse: | keep che chip nea cathe purse
vatih the hab-dollar wicker Becta tard irs
preparation for palmiing the chip.

‘tm will also mead po prepare a of
fheaving the appropriace bank guint ati aad
vill (il in. when you ore shoo 1 spare the triekh
on which is written with a Sharple che follow.
ing: Person One fineert name) eal! make ap, and ar
some poiee today, perhapearrhis very momen, real-
tie thar finserr he/she? did not win Loten, Meweeen,
this is an exciring moments 1 be, remembered,
boomer fineert pame} hae chosen the chip contain
fing the richer ofa ball dollar,

386 RUIMNSTEIN COIN MARSIC

Poson Teo fimerre name) till ab some
dirtroughr brtmune of coonbt thar hue in
the marae tele, Hoeven, finecre earue) sell
am 9 fee hefihe) malises chav fimsere

shel oan saee sifieen perme: on-cer inamaace
scoineliniy fa ol aetope aba hy choosing 2
chip with che snicker of an English penny.

Person Three (insert name} bar boon pteking aber
pening rake-wur ome night for dinner, fz in poosifile
eigen boners

i ep cortalningg weit
Chines: sein winker

if are at a qurcy or wich a group of peopte,
pate fh oer is adbege which nee ciate
will use and fll in che appropriate blanks
fore you begin re perform this effec. Fold
and place chis paper ino your right packer
along wich che Shaspic, OF quane, vom can ale
choow the and insert the manses right
in frone of them before you hand the paper 10
sonmrane arid begin bo performs the effec.

In a pinch when yee don't have the time oo
wrine the names of abe rou can hare a
bussiness card ready wirh che following: The fire
person ail choose ae half dollar, The socom
sort mail chonar rhe Fi penny, The third person
well choose che Chimcer coin, Mar wnly can ou al-
ways have chisorick with yon (being, chaos i a9
“pocket friendly"), brat vou can clo dbsis drick ond
heane your business cand a4 asouverin.

PERFORMANCE: Explain char wou would like vo
ty an experiment. Reach ince your pocket, clas-
atc palm the chip (half-dollar side facing. ous-
ward) and bring cur the purse. iction, arc

a Shanple. [Fyou haven't as-yer, hil in che marca
of the people you have chosen ‘for this effece,

Give the prediciion po someone to bold and ca-
plain chat wrieees om that sheet of paper is a
prodiction of choices thar will he made in the
next few einuie. Oper ehe potse and eomeve
the chips with the righs howd, preeing he

ie hack ineo the eft pocket a he
Shaspie, as they are hot nos Hohl ake
ie nest ot #6 beh pape aaa

Tighe fi which are poinsing no 1 Ks
‘The « sib ai iaciickeri Faces be iuchnee
The chips are im the fillowing arden Hall-doliar
chip on the beacons (owtermoae), Chinese chap
in the middle, ard English-peamy chi at ihe
top innormost, as im piobe G82), Aa yon adjuse
ithe fake a peck (reborn serach your nose!
and make sure char the ellaceie=palmed chip hus
the halftellar sticker facing ourwand. IF nos,

sccrealy parn it around and insert dr back into
classic palm.

You are mam going po ask Phmow Ghee co frocky
choose a chip - begeom, middle, or ep. in og-
der go howe him choone the chip har sare “hall
dallar, there will be evn pemishle dilferenc kane
dling heed os hte choke,

aot ONE:

Bottom Chip is Chosen First

If fees Cae chooses che wr the boapom,
aske le with che left hand and cleanly place it
emco the sable mexe ro him, sticker-side fee
dawn. Explain shar on the ober side of the chip
isa prediccion of a magical event chat will occur
in the meet fee minaies, Turn at over anil reveal
abat the prediction ts che half dollar.

Kei pour feft hand en the ralse and secretly
drop che elassie-palnsed chip oneo the fingers,
allowing it ao narn orer in che process. Puiiby in
ince finger palm with your heft: chamb: so thas
the penny sede it againar the fingers. Talor the
chip with che-sticker char reads, “chinese coin’,
with pour loft hand. close bok hamde inter loose
fiard around che chige, using the slide-ie phaseel
the Mite: Afope 1 er Kreck tg the chije
behind che exiin in fieger paler. (ihe non-azicker
ide of the Chinese onl peer a ho i
Tia! apes the fingers of each i Pers
aod Tow cocname cither your left (gesmure with
the hand so chere will be no comfision|! of
hand (make a peseure wich chis hand as well)
Ube names abe might hand, just the chi
fro the right hand oneo che cab! trcicher aide

doen in frome of him, and aby chin chat saya,
SChincer coin”, fine he gabes-deners felt had
oma ihe cabile (eickeraide down) in frome of
Ponin Three (renaentbser thas it is agains che Fins
so vou wall need te push it cer from cheered
ure them ewer ore at a cime, 1 reves! che oc-
forties ‘You will be belt with che doulle-stick-
ered chip hidden im left-hand Finger palm

If instead Pomee Tee names instead the lefe
hand, turn your kefi-hand pala down nel poh
the quocentens chip te the tip af she inst finger
with che chums anil pace dtaeto che cxble oo
that the snicker char says “English pene” is face

(ube chip thar says, “Chinese coin”, Is left im
inger palral.

Open che cighs-hand palm up with fiegers ex
tonded apward in onder to display ihe Loar chips

at the fingertips Caicker facing youl, Preoend
fo take 6 frors abewe with the lett hand (aneto
693) As soon as the Lele fi ner the chip,
aecreely lee ie Fall en che Base of che cighe fin-
gets (Flamaey Vanink) and. your left chun
againse che chip im belt finger . Without
heciaciom, place ic envo the near ne Per-

son Three with the aicker-sike Fao doors. Ture
ia over to reveal the third predict of the
Chinese onin. The remaining chip ia hidden ie:
righs-handl Finger palm,

TWO:
of Top Chip is Chasen First

If Pomen Chie houses inaeeed che mille or che

eng: chin, slowh: iy eur of che fan with che
tok fies ard Se tes hand anoured it bene
a loose foie, ppeescing it firar sgainse the chip im
classic palm chen levting chem bach reson che
owrled fingers. Ak if they want ta keep hie
chipoor search for one of the ocher po chips. IF
they wane 10 keep their initial choice, juss cure
your left-hand palmdlewn and puah the owter-
nedat chip mabe rip af abe Fret linger with che
chum, trons the tabts so thas the sicker
that says *half dallar® is Face up. ‘The remaining
chip is now beld in finger palm, acicker stale Bac
feng out,

Iithey decide te theie mind anal awinch
fiw one cd thee cubes, jucer chverby pur ir back ime
its a1arting pocirion and cake the one choy wane.
they now wanted the borrom chip, fitlow the

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN + GO0NS & RER CHIPS 337

divections for when abr chip is chosen, IF chew
mwioch for che remaining chap, tale ie again as
dleseribedd and holal ir along with che ehigy free
chiste palm ogainer shy fingers. Tum your left
hand palmdewn, ingahe canenmost chip oo
the cipof the fire finger wath che rhamb. Mace ic
onan the table so char the sticker thar save “half
doflar” fa fae up. The remaining: chip is now
hell ir finger palm, sticker sick facing ouewaral,
Turn co Pease Tio Leave he hal@dollar chip
int the right hand aned cake whichever is che te=
talning chip (Emglich pene of Chineseh with
the te hana Chee bh bande inoo house fises,
secrechy sliding che chip on mg of che chip in
finger palm iF iris che penny chip, bear if ic is che
‘Chineer chip slick ir Fehinl the hinger-palmod
coin, using the Slide Mowe, Ask Porm Thm
name cicher pour lef tindicane the hand or
right Cindicsie the ham), [he eames the left
harul, juar ihe chipwith whe pen oud od
freen the leff hand eae the ble uicker-sile
alowil in frost of ham. Turn le aver po show chet
the prediction ie an English penny.

pen che righthand palm ap wih fingers cx-
vended wproand im-ondcr no al si arene 9
az the fingertips Chal-dellar sicker Face a \
Protenal po rather ir frm absroe with tbs left fen
An soon as ther eft fiegon covershe chip, accoeely
Hew ia) Fall tat tthe: bearsee cot che sich ferypert (Ranriscty:
Vankhbanad place your left thumlsagainat the chips
irs left Finger paler. Wishoue hhesitacion, place it
once dhe esble nexe eo Pirwsn Three wiih che srick=
pia raed sc
peedicchon of the Chinese coim ‘The remaal,
chip de bikdiies in righe-hand finger palm. ne

S60 ADINSTEIN COON MAGIC

Winstead Pore Tier namics inagead ase righ
hard, corn your left-hand palm downs and
the inmermens (Chinese) chips co the wip of che

feng fi widh ¢he dhumb. Place it ono che
tabbe in cal’ Peraga Three, saving, “Will har
eaves his ong for you."

‘Open the righe-hand palm up wich fingers ex-
vended upward in order co-divplay the lar chi
ar ibe fiegenips thalllollar wicker foes yu
Protend to ane it fers alawe with che left
hase, Av sero a4 the Belt Fingers cower the chip,
sce eH al bs feo dh hes
pers (Ramury Weeds} and

againar che chaps in belt seni od sn tea
hesitation, io fonee the cable mew co Aer
som Theo wih che aicker-side face dover, Turn
wer boch chips {firse for Person Tana, them fier
Poron Tiree) 1 reveal che scoond anid ghird pee~
dictions. The remaining chip te hichlen in righi~
hared finger palm.

Finally, have the petean bod
apes ihe paperand read i out

FINAL THOUGHTS: This avscem can alea be ual,
for card magic, by using the names of cards im-
stead of the namcs-of coins, ar any objects pots
want,

he prediction

‘Vou can alsa prut WY stickers on quarters to mabe
qhis io carry around. ‘The sticker covers

soos ef ihe face of the cain, so ir would nos
he a disee for the coin with arickers on
both sides. | usually wriee che words, “peony,
Snickel®, and “dines” onthe stickers of cach coin
(wich ene colin hoving a duplicate of the “penny”
sticker onone side and she “nickel” sti ‘on
aber cabver), anal worine the icabon con the hok
ef omy business card as fallen: (imine rtamic)
weil choose he pony, Giewert mace) sill chaote rhe
atcha, aed Viewer marnc) sill chewae che alii (ine
gost werive: the fi —
the ehind! perm, a8.

POKER CHIP SPELLBOUND

One of the problewa with Spellbound, is a
Hayate rag may secen, che

ence inherently knows you are switching bird
Sa | wet chiaking sbear fa, came ap winh the
idea-of changing the mage on a coin, and cher
ape a few routines iin this book which wtiline
thar comegpe My oaher soluriom was 1 usr a

colored poker chip and change the valer om che
chip while ies the color and design of che
chips che same.

Alihough | initially liked abe idea. ix dike'r
Pardes lee te oe ae inal
at wie change in vale
paper eer A ive, de waldo
be wapellbownd sequence, and why make
oe ie in increments instead of fist
ome time. [chen seerled on the idea of perform
fing a colm spellbound asing ooim stickers. on
poker chip instead Siiacual coins. The desi
on the sticker changes, bur the chigr stave
same. Other ideas with this concept, inehating
accand prodéction, cam be found in che FINAL
THOUGHTS scetign.

PREPARATION: You will need cwn identical poke
erchipe with a very simple border. You will also
seed pur images of coint on che chips. | was
able co paarchase sheces of 1g adhesive stick-
ers from Chromalabel.com, which allio provithes a
complane far Word and MDF dacumsenas, | rsak
picture of ahe oie F wanted with my phore
and pringed cut my on labels, which look
great doc, woe cans acacch for ietages of ihe coins
pou want co mee on your phome, take a screen
shat, andl adjuse the size, color, and eosurast if
Beciied, iting your phooe editing wok). Alter:
eurively, you can find other adhesive atickers of
the same size om Amazon, and even pre-pringcd
coin labels from Zainlecam dalthough | only
found thers in1.5* ive and needed ro make che
on eae using the editing cools provided

eitel:

1 ceed an inthape ef a JEK half dollse, a Bin
English penny, and a Chinese coin ri
shows you can actually fied Chinese cokn
stickers in the proper size, readily. available
from deslers dhar cell splic cobns as Liscee
fens, Chrngh magic dealers, amd on cise In-
remeel One Sak cpa like a CYS ooin, with
a atirras! sricker on sens on reek.
George English-penmy sx onthe oho 1
scoond chip just has a aicker with the image of
the Chinese coin onenc side [pete G4,
ing the front of the Chinces-coir chap, anal alse
Front and back of the cdouble-asicker chip), To
begin, have both chiga in a stack in your right
. Whe balfdoller side Gees cutward, ared
the oaher chip ihe behind it, (hisesancin
wide Feling eats well.

PERFORMANOE Remove the chips from your
at holding them ac the base of pour right
pers Chali dallas ide against che fingers), Pesky
per hisce-coin chip eo the tips of your chumb
end first hi lipase, Be witicker Face teweerd the sui
iene, The 2 pe-ooin chip resnaien hidden at
the base off your aligety-cutte fingers. Extend
che left fingers eo 1 ld, edie place them in
Freer oF thechip. Under the cover of che imgere,
secretly curn che chipagound sing a move [ call
The Flip Armd, To perform, as soon as che chip it
covered by the bof imgers, pest agaions the
side of the chip wich: hike aip of idee cose ft
(phoebe 695) andl move your them cw che Ginger ed
just ed abe right ed_pe of the chap anc
the fire ff Thin clips he chip hemes che
sa of dhe diese and. second fiegen iphoto BiG).
Grasp the og of che chip with the bef
thumb: and press the Chinese coin side again
che ferse finger (nihoto G97). Emmediatehy mower
your belt heetec the fel and turn ir palm up te
arently shrw the oppesite side Cnor-sicker
1 of the my eee) im reabity, pou are uberveitag
the same side twice, Turn che right-hand. palm
_ il up the chip between the sips af
he aril firwe finger, placing ie bets
a a [Escraral ppecitaen beracen the cigs
ofthe eft dramb and first ewe fingers.

Explain shar dF you use your imagimariom, you
can viwaliee the image ot a coin in the cone ol
= ship Fon Scrat secretly rash arian
sand aransfer abe bn r-palmed chip
rok palm, halF-dollar te ae inst the ‘ain
ror the hase of che fires Finger, Reform abe Wave
mg from Chapter Four, explain biel
tins fe sc ihe righ had over ta and in
frome off ae ed sbi polite: chowes and fin,
dightly speead. Pier your hand st che right
‘arent, eo char the chip in ubambs paler. mowes
ower che chip in kft-hand Spellbound position.
Without hesitation and witkowr movement of
the lett fingers, secretly by drop the Chimesc-cerin
chip onto the base of the fingers (Chinese-coin
Fide againar the fingers) Immediagchy grax
the dewblecoin chip berenen the left trans,
firsg, ard scgond Fingertige. Cemeinie to
your hand ae the wrise eway From che left hand,
hrriengiong the tight chum our from ander the
chap. Crreteddianely Ivins vour-eigtet chum up eo:
ihe evel of che rahe im fi asd reverse the ab
receloc of the el bringing it back over
the chip co che from rate left hand inva eave,
fr booles Dike bse hailfetiellar image appears on
abe cenver of thee chip.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN * COINS & POKER CHOPS 359:


S60 RUGINGTEIN COIN MUMGIC

Auk # ibey ite a cnin, hey will say thar they sce

a silver coin, Explain chat some 7 can ee
silver coi ae che center of the chip, whike ahi
ers may see a copper coin. "Tuam your right-hand
palm up eo show fr-empey, chon curn ir palm
Fatale ploe your thumb agains che fingers
right hand direcchy ewer che chap in
big vee the righr thumb lies abewe the
ight cdg: of che chip. Mowe your hand diner
foward the chip. secretly lowering, rau ne
thuenl and flipping aver the chip meen
pene wile (photo G98) Thar pps
extended si fingers and cant; be seem
right fingers an the chip and move your
tnd ta the sighs acing the King George
penny. This be or Filp sr, ale in
principle 1 Sol Stone's Alip-Ooer View from che
jhine_ indie isvor of Apocalypecl,

Tell your audience thay if think silver, it
will be ddhver, anal iF they chink copper, ahe ken
will be copper. Tarn your right-band pales
cr ectefora ts bee ie cee fee
action to show abe silver hall-dollar =
in. coshow ee Pekin de
with che right thamb and tirse cag fingers
pin nae the she with che image of che King
George penny co the gudieece, right finger
poling errs apo ret a
ora nifecr cov, buat vids Raph oan a
beer alee hola

Place sour left thumb om back ef the Chincee
sticker chip, holding the inse dhe foro
finger with che akvamb, Extend dhe left fingers
and being your belt hand) over oo the. chght a
hac the a fe King Gone penny is care

fingers. Under che cover of the
left: fingers, cgintaly drop the double-coin ichip
ao the hase of the right fingers and place the

Chinese coln-chip in its place becweers che rips
of the right chum and ferse cwo i Limmae=
diately move che Ieft hand oo che let, revealing
the change of the image co the Chinese cvan.
Sean nel gee
amen ibe exter ingens of mn
leit bund Follow by performs Le
Clumgecenr fale pref ir and
Tol, 0 notre the chip ioe ry
you secrecy master che double-coin chip froes
The wight co che left hand. Tecan now be handed

our for cxaminagiqn no

FINAL THOUGHTS: Aa a kicker ending for shix
ffeer, vu can ale have a real Chinese nin
am! blank chip oon a bolder, steal therm out an
the (hitese-coia chip iw hheing examined, ibets
switch he chip eo sberw thag the Chines ewiis
hast becom real,

ee this rousing, che comcepe of the i om

ope: ing axl nog che chi ie

ind tn th clfoeas: You can dle use i
ee a aed prodicrion. After 2 card és Faneed, 1
being oud reehacky chip (ome side hag the name
wif the exnd, the other side is che nurenal chip)
The dhuble-cain chip, hidden in the righe hanul,
‘would inseead fret give she eolow of the carl,
hen the suit, Perform the eaves us deceeilteedl,
revealing the name of che cond oo end.

3-D PRINTING

Ac fire, [wan't going co include shis routine

in the book: keeping ir for meschf. | osiginally

planned on just leaving the idea as something for
the reader eo work ont aaa kicker for the roasting,

4 | Alber a dismasion with a

mine who gold eee ghar a) didn’ in-

clude it, he veould juar seal ny noses, | rclue-

cantly ‘This is a mows practical, =

dine of the concepe | alluded tor at dhe end oF the
fast rouritee, which always geus.a gbear neacdhom.

PREPARATION: You will need ro identical
erchips with avery simple border. You will also
nocd go past brage of odiew os onc of the chips.
was able to purchase hoot of nag” adhesiee
Stickers from Cinwealahelicem, which ales peo
while & templace for Wired anual PLUME discusncres,
Tiook paceures of che ooite | wanted wich nv
pee and pricqed-our mw ower Labels, whi
grear for, pou can search For temages of che
coins WOO WHE IO ute on your phoee, mle a

sercershed, and acljusr che size, color, and cone
anise if needed, using yor yest phone ating wool.
Alvenucively, you cam tind aalhcaive
athckers of pe same see on Amason, and core
pre-princed coin label from Aaeclecom fal-
though 1 only found thers inang* sine anal neced-
od co-make the image emafler using che existing
coals provided on che aanch,

One chip has eo wicker Whe veher chip works
He cain, witha Rolfdollar sicker an ane
side (for chis effect | use che bmage of che Lib-
avy me of a silver Standing, paid bee
jar! a copper King George ish-pemny
sticker cathe other (aa seon in photo 694 of che
préor nourinch OF course. vou can use asp ooim
enage thar-you Tike, such an the JER all dollar
ienage used in che prrive eoueices

In adkdlitiom go che chips ‘will ako need a da-
plicate of che Standing Liberty half dollar, and
a purse thas can hold che bank chip. Place che
Munk chip inte che parse. ‘This goes inca your
left pocker. The doulle-sicker ol need arr
ing Liberny halfdolhar xo inte thea
cx, eaghe side of the coin against che Mr Schue
ide of che chip. Ta ley thesis ‘ogc her bie
Pocker Manager (as discumsed in Chapaer Sev-
cml with ghe ling Cetoege pce aiicher sei
— ated she exirt fring ihe catia ol che
pocket

PERFORMANCE: Ask your audience, “Vow jm
ever heard of yi Printing? Jr's a may job aaarrd
tune ebjers by coking princed images and making
olen mere gr) prinrers used! ao be very oxpen-
Kio, Pur near you crn gee ahem i poreble wtace,

actually carry ong arith mz.”

CHAPTER SEVEMTEEN + 2008S 2 PDRER CHIPS 561

700

Reach iran beh pete f paling thy
chip amd enim (Li ike ob the som against

the fingers inthe yooh anual bringing aur
the pumse with the belt hand Chen ibe grirec ard
roomny the pohor chip. Hawe ibe chin cxastined

acim replace ibe puree isn your pecker,
San, “This prinner uu desigend ce look fie @ poker
hip, and irs cole purpose Ls eo emamaitncrire moeney.”

Bar; fosad the chip ana. as i it ingo left-hand

ition berween ibe rips-af che
alee 2 cat fingers, Explain thay the
way if wurke ii just ex provide a it af Fiction

poghe susfice. Merb ibe Elles Srarwon Thumb.
Pale Color ¢ move foam he 1p hook,
New Coin Tricks, found im his eoucine Floris v
Henny (Babward Wieror subsegaenaby described
this move skis che emer modenn version af the
chun pation in his rourlne, The (ha Coin,
from the i9q7 book, Magic of che Hands). brwas
first raughe in this book in the rousine Usimeree
Silver Line. ab eee. bring vour right hand
awer to the left, oetiag Oe non-orcker chips
with che right fegers dhumb movie, under-
neath, Inecre the edge of the eemn-aicher chip
ite the erorch of whe right chun, Extend the
ight Fingers, sierulramecunly chums palmén,
the nos-aicker cha sed pectingtberimat ihe
sticker chip with che tips ad che ahomb and
fingers (Spellbound positon, a3 in photo G98).
Waikdraw your right hand wo the right, secret:
ly sliding the allver coin. aff of che sticker chips

aed renin a ace rewith the
thumb. Reveel the Se ae coin om
the chip:

Turn year lefé harul ever fer a soon, aberecinyy
the Ge of the chip with the sheer coin 1 your
audicner (photo TOO) This serves av mindienr=

262 BuMgiNSTENN Cony MAGIC

tion, allowing you to secrecly bend che right
fieger amd insert che silver coin underneath
the chip in thumb palm dahete 70d). Explain
that chia chap is designed no make siteer coins,
best dhere id also a awiedh thar causes it io make
Bey eins Biseare jour left hand bask inte
Sprellbsotarad pace icon

Exrend che righe fingers amd being vous right
harul Mantycadd ae in the kh, a si
the right thumb lies aboree the right cige of che
chip, Perham the Fly ee dan First camgha ire
the routine, Police chr Spellbound (and. relaped
iis principle co Sol Seong'y Fljedheer View from
the Jue, ap nic af Apacal 1, Briedly,
move pour hh din rowend the chip. an-
ceotly lowerimg your Ehureh ancl fligrpiing,
ower the chip to expose the perene side “Theta i
cowed by che extended cighe fingers and can’
be seen. Male sure chat iheckins deers bir she
coin and chip in right chumb palm as br eocages.
Mace your right fingers om the chip amd move

vour hand co the righe, exposing the image of

the King Cpoeer Explain chat chie works
Fire for hen ou aes saith
prefer making coins in vilver, Repeat the Flip
Change, secretly auming over che chip as you
pass the right hand over the left ter reveal ghe
image of the sibver coin.

Ag before, om che left band over no show che
Gee ofthe chip with the silvercoin no the audi-
enec. Thit serves again as misdirection co bend
the sight ingen arul lafit ihe thumb, placing che
coin ard chap ingo Fingertip net (coin againer
the funperal. Turn the felt banal back inten nean-
dard Spellbaund position. Explains thar akin
the image is caly part ong ef the presens, with
spies Fricuien, vou can mum aber image isa
a solid object. Exnond the fin: prcual
bipartite peta wil the drumke
Bring your hand over che left and perform che
Kaps variation of Edward Victor's Color Change

mee v this book under the section
i Change), Beefy, under the
right fingers secretly drop the srick-
to the hase of dhe felt Angers and gras
the chip (and coils on top) with im hele eat
and fingertips. Withdraw your right band oo
the right, expostiag she silver cain om top of the
chip. Take it off the chip, aod hand beak the
chip and! coin owe for exanninanion.

—

GHAPTER SEVENTEEN + (0043 & MORER CHIPS 303

Aathey are looking ag the props, casually reach
nies leit Soke dinching ihe sticker chip,
and removing the purse. Ifyou invend i follow
by wing che coin, place the chip back ineo the
pane: co.end Gor che chip anit coin iF you woe't
need the coil.

FINAL THOUGHTS: (erating thr euie aur of che
image ii wory magicel, at hte the pater of cre=
ating a 9-0) object. For the coin groducelon ar
the end, vou might want eo consider using the
finger palm variarion of the Wine Change, from
Chaprer Four.

‘You-tan easily adape this roucine co produce Rar
coins Fyon want oo follow with a Rrar-ooirt pou.
tine, When you ge inte yor pecker no get che

» finger palm ghror additional caina, Take
Cock the chip place if over the coins and. wirh=
dad Reewitagios pick ups thse eden under che chip
with the thumb [phate 702) acd place afl inca
left hued Spellbound posivion The coina ane
ewer hides wndernench the chip amd can't be
seen. Explain char you can also adjuas ibe chi
co produce in quanaivy. firing your right ian
ower the left with fingers expended, and rub on
the chip, right thamb going ursder the chip ariel
socaling enc af the coins tpt 703) a yee
merce back tothe right, Repear this actin, beav-
ing the stolen coins on top of abe chip, 24 the
dame fies sicaling cut ihe nese coin, Kemer
the eal arsed Tepeae Chia accion ancil all chose
coind ase produced.

MY COIN COLLECTION
In chit eourine, dhree poker chips willl again
be used as predicchons. Inscead of forcing the

fumes of the coins at the beginning of the rou-
tine, however, you will insead-force the accuad

coins. The predictions will be selected at the be-
ginning beet will remain hidden encil the end of
she reurine, This paar esti or
ar shiney ince, Oe ie i te im
standing up sta table. ft has never befoee ap.
peared im pring or on any DVD.

PREPARATION: bn carder to perform chis rourine,
you will meed three poker chips chat are the
game on both sides, They should alll be the sarc
style, bur wish a dilfeeone color and denomina-
tina showing. The once fos Ophote TO) are reed
fa fve-dallar chip, blur (a con-dallar chip), ard
agreen ta enenry Spe dellacatigl Wa will alsa

a sheet of ag, or nag" whiee adheave
route) labels, a Sharpds, and a coin purse bhi
enough io hold che chips. On ome side of eae!
chip aif a seieker ae the center. Wire with o
Sharpie for paint on the sthcker uel your Com=
puter as with phoso O84) che ‘Ralf dollar
on the red. chip, English pomey om the bluc chip,
and Chinese coin on the green chip. (Noa that
yeu canuse bigger print on che barger-siee ba-
hele, making ft casicr co ate fir a Larger proep

people

Ta make veer zaLion mere profeeckn=
al; insread of ive aclckers with words on
the chips, you can use scickers wish im: of
a balf dollar, an English pens, and a Chines
coin ($60 phote TOS; The Chinese coin stickers
are readily available from dealone that oll split
coins as ty es and om the Internet (Arn
acon), and ocher coi saickers can be readily
made om sacok.cem, iF yen arc nes able te find
them already manufactured (they aoaally come
ie 1p" size, bur yer can hake ghee i artuller
usieg theer editing pools amd cor the label for
the siae thar you want | was able no purchase
sheers-of ag" adbesive stickers Fram cheomale:

364 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

beLcom, which ato provides a cemplare foc Word end POF decumencs (similar adhesive stickers also
weailable on Amazon). | cook pictures of the coina | wanted with my phone and printed our ey own
labels, which look for, yom cant search Gor images of the coin yoo wart onus on your rake
a crecmiot, and a the, coord ont Feed, your phone Pre cook). Ia this
proecritetion, che image of che half dollar is en che ced chip, che ish penevy is che chip, and
the Chinese coin ion. che green chip. Place che chips inco a purse, and che puree inco your beft pocket.

ated oni pedro ka vee aly meal ar eee yond pop , & hall-dallar-ained
Chinese coin, eight wea” coin envelopes (readily srailable snag oF on the Ianernet), and
eighr addinional coins char are aloo appronimasely the siec of ha dollars. The ones. f auc fier chin effect
Gand you can of course use any others that yoru have ae 4 abide for the ones | am lipting) ane: Five

(igig), Derek ‘Commemorative Pinnack coin fig), and finally, Ter Genes Republic of Kenya
i Ld ao alternatives, Ten Cems Exot coin fqat), One Penny Irish coin fgG6h,
Pi svt Phila coin (igéq), Five Frencs Seria coin, Cine Peony Australian coin (aq), 3
ing Liberey tigeyi, and a Fifty Escados Porcugacse coin (rgd). You cam juet google che
names of the coins 0o see many images of each coim.

fee as ra viol ie bear cane te hoder eet oslo Sores ites separ Ad ed treme

lection, thar the best contrast in devign and colors berween ailver, copper, gold, and bronze.
Each coin is inco ite own envelope and scaled (iF che Flap-docen'r seal on insown, exe a aall

of ecliophane cape ed for the half dallas, , aed Chimese colin,
‘There will be the choos coins chaz forced in this crs Nae a this nourine

:gurtninoe eal: viaprtentrnctsing tinea bia can cernain . with che
ers in ahe above listed! group.
i ei tai bd sen vcard holder, four om a dide. The Easiness card hedieder ox
a seanbeceien

si Pook Managers, ai described in bry sae tent dae a aad Chines: coin
Sach ons oF be Poca tapes whch b chosed ere teri nockee Ti: bole eker bi errecd ioe
che rremaining Pocker Afanager, then ey Soja ar gia eel pi ad a
pockets iF I have ne jacket, and heeisoneal ones for my jacker packers when I perfoem with a suir or
sports coat.

PERFORMANCE: Ask three people co bel oo couse three chifferent
color poker chips, Remove the atari hae pty tbs them in a boripetal row
pl pe aa raat oid gh ope pmtimtir cena

Have che first spectaror choast one of the three cobors, Whichewer he choopes, place bt nexe 10 hie,
sticker-side

down. Do che same far the sesame seweor. For the dhind apeceatom, tell beim hae abnce
he really didn’: have a chance to choose = cache ep the seaining chip, sich the

remaining chip for ove of the chips held spectators. Whichever he chooses, place it
Sectmibin Sidecuh dawn airborne rsbrvon next
Few erin,

is chet you use all gored of coins for your magic. Creer the years you hawe sccumulated a large
Se calcein torr of chic os rvughe ott Offer 06 aber chem te everyone. Rerene
Coc bint esis Hones pocker and alll of the creehapes onte che gable, divided iewo
reo mows af four -aeaaiubramfe-wrong tn dyshperctrcbeoeb hen Sartpe
for their prosection, sew wich dat aexangpene edhestve known. eo mankind — cellophane cape. Pus

holder back iene your breast pocket, Haw: each spectator select one of the exwelopes, Place each se-
ee ee lap open nes eo the hoes ples ip. plan tht ou wl Fatook wt he oi
thas weren't selec

Pick up che first enve wich che cighe hand
it inva the bef. Hold ic the belt
sie by icetng Yoo i cael nerf
ve inserting pour mi
be gr ting it upward, it
side. Reach inno the with yorsr
right fies. Ginger, thamb going behind che enve-

and press che coi the rear wall of
the envelope. Pull ir ao char when ar
comet cur of the envelope itis held hereeen,
fire finger and thumb. and describe lt

a humorous line or two cin (sec

place hath the coin and envelope ina your lef
pocket, remarking chae ic wan not chosen.

Pick up che bese envelope with ele left hand snd
ae i he igh the ne wy tht yo
the first envelope. the accion 6
oor teceobe Lerees ee CE eek mel
gems, making a remark aber che coin. Finish bey
Placing the coin and envelope inn: your right
pocker, Continue co alnermane eerie
emdlopes ated showing coins until you per eo
the poe where acain indisplayed im your hand
and there ia aeilll one laa: envelope on the calle,
Look couse he color of the chip of the spectaror
on your left. Say, for example, the chose the red
chip, which comexponds co the hall dallar. Place
the coin amd epened evelope inoo your left
— secretly finger paleiing che half’ dollar
the Pooker Mamager. Note thar if he chose
amie of the ocher color chips, you would go inno
your right pocker, heaving che coin and envelope
aed acealing our che face cole (Chines
coin ar fr phils
Them ta the person whe has the red Chall dollar)
chip. Awk him if be wants co keep bin envelope
or le for thee Lage
ese fi ada de him change hes
mind. Once ides on un crvelope,
pick icap with righe hard, leweing che one
met chosen at the cemer of the cable. Perform
the Enveiope Subsrirurion (ae firar in the
top of the half dollar againer the frst with
a bit om 5 » Facet bene
cop edge off the with che churih (eneat-
ing a berween che top of che coin and che
fi ‘This che bernons eclge between
the intersection of che sides of che second and
chind Fimgert. 1 ner che envelope

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN + CHAS £ POKER CHIPS 308)

fimgers.and che coin. Push che chured find ecin)
against the excemded first fmger.
por eh arog ey tye nba yemn wd

wt
Hin
eee
| 2
fat
zi

ES

i

Ez

1
rh

a]

“

#8

EREPE

rr
qi
ee
Es
#
F

a5

oi
ef
spe
get
Fe
u
Fs

2
z
2
3
A

Seir

OH
die
pe:
a
ti

ie
if
FE
f
s£
rH
i

E
i
3
Ee
Ps
aa

ing on the table. Pick up che
heceed and open it coshow wharever cain ts ine
Ms ie lake pooh Mage poeta ie
fare it r b
phon abr oan
Shee remaining ir using
Geeelope Subuneurios, Place ig next oo che green

chip and pur the inno your
Say, “The Chinese cole you choos ir very old,
Ar took woe pears ro manalane the om ee free

386 AUBINSTEIN CORN MAGIC

y's Hike you kee! Nowe seme
agy char i jun am amazing goincidemce.”

Have che next spectator ithe bolus chit
nya a wont mg rang
"Woah, a penfecr march Thar ia fisrle bir speedy.”

make the rooting coon more inserceting and
Soe ony Porat ne ec oslo in ok
pp tay ear yaa pa

2 Five Mark German coin - | found
this on a ntrect im Bertin named aftcr sme
who rue bane left Ada mark...

2 Bricish Half Crown coin = Ard no

fo the oeker half he's a type
Commemorative coin

: are ballplaper for the

= fenr ioonic New
Tonk Yann. Hes reocred tn New York fn
Gear, one ae ch

4 Ten Cent Republic of | eoin —
On che crcet ohry hae 2 picrore of two lion.
Sa although there mary be some lion, chere ane
definuely no Cheers...

OPP Sr Oe DO
Hee are the alvermacives | apenegicnes use:
2 Ease African coin = Thin wax sug
wo be decace, bur when chep sara whar
there was hole no pay.
2% One Penny Iridh coin - On one side
shore ft.a chicken omesing ie mad, Why? Th
pet ee the other nade, of comene, On che other
tie i @ musical inarrmene, bor wer an't
harp on ie.
Five Franc Swiss coim = dr i a the~

‘You can ger semen: urinding on che
he cots, My friend! diein'e shiek ir ean Pit
a, be if you lk casey.
& Fifty Escudor ‘coin = On
the foce ir amor bear, # gor in an sail.

& Ome Penny Australian oon - Oe pee

ina pe Thre tant rile
fratierea i mei
7 Walking Liberey halfdollar = Cx che

very See
un Liberty th =
coin. Nexr rw

CHAPTOR SEVENTEEN = CONE & POKER CHIPS 367

| also hove: addisicmal lines for che Chimese ooin. | might say:

2 “The symbols ont the caine soually redate an. old Chines premerh This erie sent, ‘Seve on duran,
woiech o#,.ahhh meer nina."

2 "Ther ts a hole in che cain so: people could carry chem ona sering around heir meck. gor this coin
with no serrings arsachesl..“

et se aa ae char ae sel pois i extends che magic. For the base
person, open his envelope rermerving 1 dina is couiy nemagee the coin in the
pean, oe cnc ut ad of nv he Ci Fey Ani prea
seed eh connect che sleuation. Hold che indafferen cain in Spellbound position, and perform any Viror
Change ta change che indalferent cain inva the Chinese coin, matching ale prediction,

AFI foe foe kana, | will the half vor Chinese coin
Din dbaee an toe pec een ealty ead oe neo te an
rhespadcidhs Luse the red for a silver coin s Lberty half dolla doilluz, Swiss,

Philippine, or cea th, beck a copper coin rish, or Aaecralian nt
and che green chip for a Chinese-on brass coon (and [ usually Clan onc meal ofeap

dienes regardices of being a magician or mot, because bt be ap dil and frankly, Ulike dhe jokesl.
(CONVICTION PREDICTION

‘This resaine can be used in any performance because the enensaliem agpect in combination with opin
magic makers it very different cham che srandard coin routines, The pbot is sienple. Theee caine are chosen,
that maceh prodictinen made at che bepinnéng of the rougine. It haa dhe sanic Feel an thet routine My Cnie
Pid he pala" para easier 10 carry argund, and simpler eo perkoem. This effect
iw perforened standing up, ands eable ia preferred. (4 has sever becn in pels o¢ appeared on any DVD.

Fn eehae esenorms le een, rm wll ae cons poder of cher are che same on
both sides. They should all be the same ination shecrwrlng.
Macon tet ae i aaah sah tie & ante kas ent pes weadollar
chiph. These chips are shown in photo 704. ‘You will also need = whoer of 75°, 1°, or tag" whine adhesive
roend labels (che | sicker allow you ta write , Taking it canter eo be seen by larger mudi-
cnet), 2 Sharple, and a.coin purse inabis casa chips, Im addition, yess will mere throw small
sul enerlopes ana (read Amazon or on the Inecrnee), three Chines
eoina chat ant che dime STdshons doc kalfdollo set coe English penny.

eden abel i ty paar, ambi
i i English on and Chines: coin on

Rr panicon the tadey uk joel Ty ale or abe a ae
artall adhesive srickers om che chips you com Saba wih peo half dolar, wn Ergglishs prerunry,

and a ‘Chinese cols. The Chinese coln sichers are rendil froma dealers chee sell colt chiew be
Lo ag enorme adhe retype neste coin snickere.can be readily made on gate.
com, iF you are nog able eo find chem already manufsctured (they usually come in 1.5" sine, bur

make ee Ie For che size char you twas
able ew parchae: cheete of nag" adhesive etscleers from chmmalabd com, which aleo a temeplaa
for Word and PONE docusnenss (iimilar adhesive stickers alg available on toudnirgecie
the coins | wanted with my phone and printed cue my cre Labels (ai with photo TOS), They look

1 aa igh gens nar i ino enw rn gad

che size, colow, aad conrast iFmeeded, usieg your phowe editing coals),

sticker-vide down Ineo s purse, and ghe purse Ineo yorr right pocket, Mace ome Chinese
pineal icoeclepe, souk al Gaewt op: Pian la awleges dee hewe ction Raps, se ocaer
po close chem you Laight tet cha omall piece of cellophane tape. Place all chee envelopes inno
0 boi oer Sea ‘dolar. Place che English penny Inco your right pocker, and pou are

328 AUEINSTEM ODI MAGSC

away asrange is a hertaoeral
Fine, vecker-side dire

Have the fine spectaror choose amy of the thee
red, blue, or E hu cheese

Il him th te relly dud
apecuavor, tell hins chat eince
have a chance to choose a chip, he ean either

Tap epeceatere
cael oft boron fy mporan Fogo
were bry im nice
iwi tthe mea crt ear Nike
wo show everyone ing Hpocial fp
half dollar, and bring our the three envelopes.
Explain chat each crvelope contains a coin chat
Fou use co perfects eagic. You chem finer
welopea wher in mranspoct, in Co
nown eo mankind = cellophane
them on the cable in a Retail bra. Pater
prdh pve a free selection of any of
ips, and now you are going to give 8
of the coclapes.

it up with your
Subsriurion

nore pee
aginst tI enivel preening
againet the extended feve finger.

‘Une right thumb w open che envelope by
wc tre aie gee
ever no che side. As enye-
roferopes
abe back of the eneckope with the thumb.
Show hand eo be cenpey, chen reach
ine wich che right forac Fenger. The
right moves behind the envelope, and
conta the half dollar. Precend co withdraw che
eois inside beer lewve ic and juae poll che hub
dollar with che right chumb end
firwg finger. de ee peel ee
of the envelope. Place this. on che cable nexe to
"Vou

ip. Turn back am che. fire. epecta-
por. him har he freely chooe fire che
then the com. Have the furh

Hawe the next apecrasor curn over the bluc

co reveal chat the sehection amd che chip

Say, “Woah, a perfecr march. Thar is a fintle bir
-peaey.*

Agacive (acing these coins an ino int elie
FINAL THOUGHTS srcticn saat 1, which

be. You can use this mourine: co fodlrer
routine, My Coin Collection. Aa befoee, thie reu-
tine haa mever been in print or appeared on any
DVD.

ing the three onina iendde. Close che purse
and place ie off to your left Pexform the roucine,
Completion: Preaticcien, ithe thiree cots ar

chou the ish and the pornos bo

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN = COWKS & PORER CHIPS 36a

coisa would chem be che half dollar ac che Jefe,
Englisks ny in che middle, and Chinese coin
vanish sequence fren Phese ‘Three of TH Gein,
found im Chapter Thirteen falihough the onder
of che coina will vary slightly from che original
Gescripeion es ft chia pouring, anil will ale wary
based on che onder of the coins selected bry the
spocdateral.

‘Take che balf dollar-with che left hand, clipping
it berween che cipsof the second and chird fin-

as you close che hand into a fier. Turn oo
Fe periog whe chose che half dollar and ceimark
that thie in the coin te choses. Reach ever oo

penny nen ba
Se iad ths oe sine ripe Ae waa.
ir seleccton. Finally coke eke Chinese cain, alee
leceing it drop ince the kei hand, and remarking
det abe Chinese coin was his scloctiom.

Pick ug che halfdollar chip with che righe
img it palm up berween the ciga ol
the chemb and fret finger so thar che wriring
fax ted ceieg pas sl oor peng
nennl L i
Tie lide-tn phase sf the Slade Mowe to i
behing che coin.

3

Pick up the Engle wich che right hurd

i corns at the fingesigy af exch
brea real the ALES, iis ecolcing
the pertery in righs hand paler after bx is

seolen our of che left hand. Pick up che English

chip and di i webs thee wring Gimme
Laie Reina Aa with che half dol.

S370 RUBENSTEIN COIN MAGIC

lar. sliche it firar behind ther then pak che
pep ar ig
c
i arm ae eo che wright
cof the half-dollar chip.

Display che Chines: opin on the leit palm, in
inion oo perkorm the ROP. mow, Expcuee
mare ai you imdicace che eokn, remarking

thar che Chinese coin ia che onky coin shat re~
writing (image) facing the audsence. Load the
coon bethliteed the clsip, wae ic over the hand,
and place ir back oe che cable, Open che hand
po show the vanish. Mote thac during chis-vanish,
sequence, | don't openly show my right hand to
be empey. Ddon't wane any more attention than
necessary to be drawn no the chipe

Explain that che ooina are gone, bur chey never
tro far, In onder eo ares aged
bo "puree ig. Open el and remove
the te esi one xine. Ak your a
enoe {| would lite oo see ic again. up
Si vores oe od bein etn ool vee

the codns ince a ersck sgainer che palm with che
base of che left chum. By pushing down even
Se es ie ee
deeper inca i mys

fr sound de cols Weew te igh

to Finger palm. Paine to the chip with che half
dollar sticker Mowe it back with che
left Fre Bnger and eo reveal the hall
dollar hidden

Pick upall ehome cota wich the righe hard, add
ing ches to the coins in finger Take back
the purse and place all che eoinm inside, Pick up
the chips and place chem bneide os welll, Close
the pure and pur it wway oo end.

WAL THOUGHTS; Before you go ino chis
routine, can even expend che magic fur
her, par img cither a Coins Acro, Caine
‘Through the Teble, or cer of the routines using
a , bibeee andl brass coin, Aruna cliewhere
inthis book,

THE FAMOUS THREE COIN TRICK
pri Bape 1 wanted te combine the cffeces.
Ay Coin Colleceize, and. Conucesiiaa Predivrion wal

ate Neges es one vaaiie Ale Bere
elaaken of dhe chird peediceion for My Coin Cole
fecrion, you can jeer mike che coins and perform.
the nese routine as described. They become nwo
scparace elfeem. Heeweres, | wanced oo find o
way tm combine beth routines ino one,

the are just a part of che rougine,
pot the end of dhe cousin, In arder ee accom
plish this, [ needed co wae porter in auch a way
shat the ferue effect would. scamlouly combine

a mn

with rhe second. in addition, | eeeibed oo charge
magical moment of the Arvt rewtine so it
would not be diminished by che second rourime.
Enclourd here is che basic pacer ond I
we vient eormbine che rearines. For rhe
eek ke pore chorion
the with
peak racy orb

F

pocker ma . In the left pocket one
with hall dollar. ti the 1 oe

and you are readiy

PRESENTATHOME "Todkzy | would like ee
en Th sod
Three Cain Thick, Fam going: oo
different color police
pe

Po the Ink. Say,
“we Eons
apatheon ar Smeg ben

, Please dio che
tame did choese une of abe Crear, we will
pasa gan eae a eee

prvibepilg
you, FMT give you the of eteher
or ar

Fancoscic. Those chips wail berorar orry lraporcanie be

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN + GOING & POWER GHIFS 371

i me aio

ce ttn ln
roid ae rhe pen
on your righ choose an emelope and

emer rat rat
ie nest fe (Tarn to che second L
co] Li phisheds preening
ust place ir exe ro-your chip. Thar'r perfice.

in Tir bee's sor tehar ee did
= git iphchad one, fe=
vealing cokes aad girag aloe
ony en a armen be otsayenr
My Cae

ae eee pel arn ewe
oink Te calito: oa afl che lines, after the eec-
smarty gear aa
cep, te imc.

away the second 6p last envelope,

re io hoi eine wh he pee
will know which one because

pep tp hap Lec say ic the half

dollar, There is now only one

eater of che mble. Tum co che digi

fone cba amt De rable,
cam have a hapine,
phlei or dachange i for

Lanktndecond off ler rane

Sarr apa picalgrthpera aber beseech’
dhe table and the ene selected. co reveal

he balf delle, pe dollar, a
spaluable cola, In Amperiee: ic tr abour..a
dollar, Thar will! be she coin we will wee in the
Famous Thres Goin

SE pe aie och

sina Fey Mea may pa oe

Famous Three Goin Trick.

OTS BUGIS TIEN COM MAGeC

‘Colllkecr che chee coin, holding shem ie a fan
ar the right fingertips. Take them ome at a cine
into the Left hand, performing the Radbinssein
Pat-hack Mone so char ahe firs: codn Cin chis case,
the Pagel awege wht he hand, Tarn
ie om your say, “hou

hal delay, mere Bele Air we atarred, Thad you

fork the ree coins, in the righs hand.
rat RALRS © rege Fo TA at

Esghish 6 Turn ne dhe person on his

sich Engh ee “You aber phe

‘preae But
ol cn er ea
atelt Beglih panne? ;
dat b aks Rime dantes Fee
pa te pcg eri
denming only ome code."
Turn eo the person. on cour right, show him che
coin, and then nann te the an the leh and
have him tell everyone name of che coin,
ig ag apr paged psp
“You ali cheae it and ome might
oy Baill Bea sane che es aarted a
‘doin you chose L's une thar omer and bell geeryone
whar dr says {you scr”

Ir onsaing che name tor imageh of the Chinese
es "Now soma woudd say chor i a weboele!!
Nur more than char, if we wnaoe che chip coer emp
and and! ary rhe Chinese magic words, Foo Ling
Yom, che Chesca coin: ir CWE! Bar eeene do thie

ba apd lf we pairsc-ang sii, we wighe
thers fn che perrse solic brid rhe

inside are the English penny,

dollar and she Chinese coin, which ea
bet dt br MOT phe Famous Three Cota Trick, of ina.
Yeu set, to-do dhe Fimowe There Coin Trick, we or
need ey hold them in the hand (perform che Roll
Doran Pietersen Noching

i Bs

ee in
Bae wy

pb iresmciet et peering

Head in: fcr, under che half: chip IF a

THREE COIN MONTE

Saas oe Sa Monty by
int gt, i a Magical Mi
Servais ay Oh this reurine a picor of paper
was snack oo the back of one af there cons, and
after the coins were mixed areand, the spocta-
tor was unable mo gues which eain coneealal
the piece of paper, It was basically lie che
ar - me or chreescand monte bus por
coins, J.B. Bobo, in Moder Coin
Magis, irda arn a similar soiindle he sav dene
in Lemon, Boch were described with che ute of”
Baath pecinime

la phy, [Warn sal ap (Rink)
nies routine called Fled she Sir in tbe

edited by Hugh Milley,
ae mouths Rik Ng, i Bly af

paper, and poker chips instead of coins. Since
chips were che same on boch sidey, Rink
war able ro devise an ingenious and completely
usique mothed in onder to cxecuse the rousing.
ahicsart ‘book, Goin Magnetrix, by Freder=
Lin ared Arthur Krai. sheng was a routine called
cane er 2 nd i
oa fabled coins In igty again in 1949
ie Ring paid he bookler Three Coin
ef the classic yeindle
pa ie ts 5 rae ea
sw routine). | independens
veloped the idea of using poker chips eleth.
sive srickers for my gen pourine, bears a
fight erage dar the Rink routine. Hevrerever,
different moves, added move

‘ine wud
ren and (in my opiniont a proper ending.

PREPARATION: Four poker chips, all che same
denomination, snd the <ame on beak sides. Vou

will also need a purse thar can hold ahree of ibe
poker chips, a 22" coin envelope with an adhe-
ere Flap (readily available a Amaron or
en the Intermec), a waller wich fer, oe-hun-
dred-deflar bith (1 use fake bill if 1 am noe
comfortable performing in certain ‘sinuagions),
and a sheer of 75 inch white seickers. ‘The eou-
Vine is Setlgriead ta he perhorened ont a. cals. A
hose is not neceuary true will help co
deaden the none of the cbipa wher ehey bit tbe
table, Nee thar if the eavelope does not have
an adhesive Hap, you can apply a amall picce cm
cellophane rape co che flap.

‘To prepare, a.sticker ehould be pus in the cen
cer of wwe of the poker chipt, Put chem in the
purse, sticker vide Facing down, with whe chip
without the sticker in ibe snibdle of rhe sack.
Place the purse in che left jacker pocket. ‘The
fourth chip Gwithoar a sticker) is pur ince
the coie envelope, amd placed Map open into
the sight jackes ee ak the envelope

inat the ourer stile of the pocker. Laer, place

wallet wich che four. one-trandred ar
bik ine your left: jacker packer,

PERFORMANCE: Sey co your audience, “Hy &
shear off hernads, haan mcry of you hero boon no Wg

Auk owe people co come up amd help you
eur, Corginur, “Lane gime f sseme in Wyant, i=
tained, Iya aneet Aumaler, finer mucking on
reer fig fo the caine reddy co play poker,
then | a guy wick a corble poor fie his. He
ane eee lysking ar him and eook our otrre chips
(Remar: the puree and take our the theee chips.
sticker déder down, placing them at the boagont
egbicerner of pour table, Leave the pumic-at the
shde of che cathe), Thre he called oar oo me,

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN + CHING & AORER CliPS O72

amed yo ride dry # welll never: forger the words he axkd

come. Me sxkd_ioell, F. Buc it wus seencthing
be ome here my friend don't walk eecry. ‘coum
this coula be your tacky day! une phry chit game of
chance pow a0..."

Tick up the top chip on the geack wich your
Tight band and shew ie te the person oe our
right as follews; Hold it om the middle of che
extended first andl second fingers of your palm-
supe right hand, sricker side hidden ogainar- che
it ‘Thunth is co che ste. Mace ir into your
Ke hand bey executing che fand-co-Hand Turn-
ever (based on Gon Mogett’s Flip Tureeper from
ihe inte book Cloue-ap Encoungers, amc frre

cin Chapeer Fourteen in the renatine,
ihe ead as are Lift yet cn
imger slightly, still presecd againar the side a
the second finger Turn over your right band,
and during chit action: grasp che side of the chip
with the sight thumb (photo 706). Fish the chip
againet the edge of the third fieger and flip iu
ower (photo TOT, jee che nonsticher side
al the chip againet the ahind and fourth fingers
wih che L Saariparaitle Hs Mace it ino your
left palm just under ihe base of the beft fingers
ared chow [coo che person om your left. Conain-
we, ".atnad ery oo ect dhe dane of mvel™

474 RUBINSTEIN COW MAGIC

Mace your left fingers onthe chap-and tune the
left-hand palm down (phot TOS), Ler che chip:
fall onsoide Fugees and place vour themb on
the opposiee (sticker! side, placing ir oneo the
sable so ghat che non-scicker side faoes wp. The
engizy acting alimald look bike vou ane sloplaying
bork tides of a blank ehjp and getting ix onto
ihe table

Ag the same clone as pou put chras che chips, pick
wpothe newt chip in the seack with your right
hand and as bere, show it co che ‘person on
your right. Now show ir to the person om sour

Veft wich che same spparent action as for che

fine chip, bur this time cleanly corn it-over and
Place the chip oto the carended lofi fingers.
‘This way you ca really show bowh sides of the
chips Place your thumb om the chip and pur it
oneo the wabbe ao the righe of thse inthe
sume apparenc ocho 3 for abe i
© ker plok che whip har Fuss rhe dor, ..

Pick-up che last chip wath your right fingers and
thumb, and narn your right-hand pale wp, re
vealing the wicker an the coin. Show ir eo che
ga and poing to the doo wih
inger, Consisue, *.aGrr J ery to mix

Pick op chis chip by the edges wish the lef hanil,
sticker side wp. Pick up the sticker-lecs chip an
the right bye cdges wih the righe Fingers and
pour the sticker chip, sticker side up, in ics place.
Place the right-hand chip oneo che ble co the
right of ihe wicker chip. The onder ia mow stich
ef chip os the left (oicker Face down}, sticker
chip in ihe eeater (sticker side uph and srick-
erdess chip. on the right. Fnoh by saying, *
And when jeu erin you mole angers, cfiae che you
had she chime, an fee! And f dosked av him, abo
my bead oma I snd yo ceperlf hie an equine
poor! And | walked oper oo hirenble, forgersing ahr
most findamensal mle: Thar you NEVER play wich
these pis, becower you can't beara Playa or his een
gan. Well, ber all ary money ifer night; and f
tang no thoer pow all dame it happened.”

Tarn tothe ponies an pour belt and say, “! nent
you ao ply che parr of soll, mg,

Tun no the person.on pour righe gee sry, “And f
ue vow rontay be pore of ihe quier ber apperrive
byrenader, who ocrmally Aas. big pare ae rhe exiel*


Turn hack ro che person oo pour belt and say,

“The guy cursed tome and waid, The game i imple
abe rules ane cary, Sate cance op aevunid she
ehipy, aed you ace ny eel] mr fy afar
fas ee dior Sete at af tk 4 Puls,
‘Reagy? Well, ler's urn thir oper ana! ecers, we yo!

{You are new going oo mic them wp after slowly
eurning over the center chip so char she sticker
side faces dow, iin che Following sequence:

‘The eet- a iv Chip Cine om abe ae ii posighen
one, Chip Two in the center ti i nh ew,
and (Chips Three on che righe isin sparen tee
Chips One and Two have seikers hidden om
their borvom (phado 70 chews the seaming po-
aixiona).

L send Chip Three by the edges

with thew cit onone edge, thaml
on the epposice edge, 1 it aver
Chip One (pinata 710)

2 Peck up Chip ne in che same: way
by che with che left fingers, and a8
wou pick ae pose ‘Theee in irs place
with the right hard.

4. Pickup Chip Teo by the edges with
the right Here and place Chip One in
the Ke band at position three dphete
TLE.

4 Mowe the chip in che right hand
(Chip Teo) over position ane. Pick
the chip at patie one with the lek
fingers and deposit che chip in ther bl
hand (chip Tero) inte positon one. f

abe chip in the leit hand over position
bree (phote T13).

Slick upethe chip in position three
KChip One) with she right nas place
he chip tn the left hand (Chip These) fn
peda hace. Hold ghe right-harel chip
over the chip: at position one (photo 714)
Pick ap che chip ar position one wich the
left band and place the chip en the r
hand ar positicn one. Pur skechip in the
hele hand (Chip Twa! at poskthoen itwew,

The reauly is that che chips earn oo their arig-
inal positions, sticker chips Gor down at posi
Hon one and pao and che nom-aticber chip a

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN = COIS & POKER CHIPG 275

pesition three. Fomix chens up while humming,
ahe beginning of che song, Seanee Raper, Ack ibe
ipeststor te ghewae where he qhinks che chip
at thag has dhe dog. He will pene go the eooner
ily Look ar him, and say, “I labe ohar Kou mere

anid devia, and eh a quier confidence you
fore ieee ee eae or ed em ROE
nana over here.

Pick up the chip at pouition three with the right
tart Fallow Hesse right Fingers on c
of thy chip, and the chunsh underneath, LIB the
chip wp al abit Four inches wp From che tabile,
Turn vour haryl eer bo show the other side of
o chip, pulling the chip dwn ta ghe hase af
gett aaneei dle so ane moning 5 mar Chins
or rg tee side, “Whis in tm Emieate a false mnoe
thar will be done in a second, Comtinue on sap,
“You ine ir user Aeve.~

Pur che chip down as follows pur your thumbs
an the cenner of the chip zie ower your
right hard, placing the chip back onto che table
inthe same sport. Point te che chip he chose andl
say, *)aand eacat nigh fir chic ore inn pthc mick,”

S75 ALING TIN COXN MALE:

Resch ios

left pocker and remove ibe
ywaller with the one-hundred-dollar bill, Slide
inover vo the speceacor on the lel and say, “Hur
ripping sao pie

Now, f sce salle cur,
Siac ies thee ac ante daly pike

oul and SHUM ME THE MONEYS

‘He will pemeve one of ube hills. Tae his bill end
pout i ineo your lefr t. Look back at your
apeceuror and ask him fhe wants co change his
mind. htoer likely he will stick wich the ome in
the midkdle. Say, “Woll en's see oer ell you dad”

You ar now gop bo perform abightky dilfer-
ent handbing of a move by bein called
Fp Ouer-Vine, fom, in ase: Jue padi cael
Apocalypse, ba apparently dunn ener this chip
and show chee bs no sicker on the other side.
de reality, yeu will show the same side peice.
riya spiel v hati mgs ye a
fingers on cop of che chip, a c
TE ee cae nee
TG) Lift che chip up abour four inches up fem
the rabée. You wall apparcncly Sen ror hie
ewer po show she other side of che chip, bur in

doing so you will porform che following mone
pase urn over your band bend im abe Fingers
dMighly amd mv che shaanl eo the right (photo
TAL quickly canersding rhe ft way thar ihe
herding action iv not noticed, This puss the
chip ar the bau of che Fingers of the palma

ignt hand, nom-aicker wile Gee up (photo FL).
le abould lak bike you picked up the chip and
fanned vour hard over co chow chipts caber
aide. In reallity, you are shewing che same side
ewlce, hiding the scicker side.

‘This ie a knack move, where the bigger mevec of
“ain a xen he a ge
® ing and cxtomuli ight fh al
a bir ot Enea t Tenininibe the: Iserading.
and caronding of the fingers — move thena jue
enough oo let the chip move dhe conece way.

Secondly, make sare chip is not-seen po be
encillating a6 it teex onthe palm. Ir sboakd
he aril. Use che movement of che band rorari

up to Bore the inae che base
La z Third, he heed abould be co. the
side of the chip, ae iF yea fuse moved ower your
thamb co show the face af the chip.

Say, “OAbGE, so sorry! fe anein’s here. *

Pur ibe dovem as follows: Thum hand
piesa in your £ Foges und
ting the chi fall onec them fingertip nest,
nonesticker side agains the fingers. Mace your
hams against the sticker side of the chip, on
tend che fingers, and place the chip back ameo
the table, sricker-side face down. ‘This ft exer
tially the reverse af ehe Rader Flip-Cher-View
move, Male sure the seicker ean’ be seers as rou
pur the chip back ena the table.

‘Turn aver the remaining chip wich whe left hand
be the-canse apparent wary act oe Bader #1

View move, bur really. show the other side which
reveals the sticker. Concinse, *..ir &:omer fcr!

picid pabarwndrsny ce wih your
right hard, sticker side Face ep Beecionars
he Ble Seceven tha deher Ceoichipx Sap “Vou
etre ans clay, but you antes! ir by THAT meneh! (sa
yeu dan this indicate a antall benveen pour
Veli chums and fiese fisiger)*

Look ar him and say, Bur new

Funded dollars. J “fnew what

plainer an iu hard

Argo make ha take le ec

gonna de — fm gonna meer ane en phe side aint

sich aad set hin Thair ahould wake ie exec

Fora guy lebr yous!®

As you say chis, mowe dhe chip on the right 1
the righ, and position the other caw chips at the

cencer, chip with the doc face up-on che right.

Phase TWO

(Gearune toward he audience and.
mam geing she nntier, cele boston
no pealpon aoe foneey, iy
Top re ca “Word pve ben
picameumes
Shans net, But or

Slowly cum over the chdp char ha che sticker
Spe col metered te eee
as follows: Grasp: che ond ins
pelea ar ham he
edge with the right i
po ir iaastares ms
frost part of the ezhle and bring then back
down co cheir original spor. Switch aheir plar-
64, and repeat the action, brisgeng em 2
the fone of the ehle, chen pua
pe cher positions. pik esa C ecudvon
their places again, so the chip chaz had ehe scick-
ec previously exposed, ke back din its same
tion onthe right: While you ane sista thems,
hum the tune of Swance River, Say, “Now the
poral geal gra. In
re see, you gorma pary the fee. If you bave fe
the, enc andl deliv, ont ra SHOW
ME WEE AGO EY?"

Behr

(CHAPTER SEVENTEEN = COINS & POWER CHIPS TT

He will remove anocher one bundred-dollar bill
from hie wallet. Tale in from him, place it inno
your lef pocket, and ak him ines either
the chip an your left, or the chip on your righe.
Ss 5 ( it
Gallod, pou leok” i

‘Openty swinch che posicion of the (pure
irr a ape ct a

ane on pour tight! like you pus one overon him.
Say, “MoT, my had. Si, you inanocd THIS chip?”
(paing eo the one on your righth

Bese rom ening betel sred dooce tie

ane on the left. He may accuse you of retaking
the chip or may noc cay anyahing If be doesn’

say anything, nyt get him vo say thar you
gewitched che chips by saying. * 7 Oh did
you ae ing?

OP he songers vo of awitching the chipa, tale it
pemgac in cheek and say, “Moe?

Tire oy che Rircriece siete ia eal Bey
invcheck, “Ta dide'r say aryything, did you!™

Turn back. co the person om-your belt and. say,
“Will Biz, you scm heme mec at on disadpamrage
Se. which one doorman?

He will most likely that he wanes the chip
on the Belt, Grasp the chip on the lef with che
left hand are ure it ower, using ele Kader Fup
Over-Wiew oxeve, co chow char chere is no sticker
on the chip Gof course, if be sill chooses the chi
em the a dh ae ave the ied
Say, so apery, d's oe eee. Urb coer here!

‘Grasp che chipoon che right with the 2 ate
hero tgs aide osteo che table, sicher ade

and place abe chip in dhe belthack ompp che
newersingg the Filipe Choc Virus mecre, eo chat
coo stkcker is seen on the chip, Say, “You should

pict aba oe a J abe fee

Bur like you, I ‘pis. Fam ged
pra illad etapt da bleak abe rs

Vier to che auelierice ard say, “Now, | bnew | head

chaamer att ey aranilh
a pepe hanes ard sed

278 RUDENSTEIN-OOIN MAGIC

Phase THREE

a need ie a care Aref | have in Phe clester hing no a nore
zi ealanerais = =_—_ hos -

pecker aed take our che envelope thar cronbera wicked a achcker

= ora hriaairnsr enone ares eerclope bat no
net eraide Pick tie dioclavs the aches endl preseaed ea one bea
tern abe eet pd Ope Sek see

Diy chip ticker-aide showing, an che nd) second pelm-up left hand.

‘Graap the chip nie left chumb and firse finger, rocacing the sothat the fi now paler
Se ed hard over to the envel the
side of the left second fi push che Map back mews theaudience, reg seamen athe
the envelope with the chen Gi fra bit of seckon ae you szncampe > pret re poh it ino che

ee the chi Pray hash wich che right chursh, grasp
heft chusth the eavelape sa echo ke ile
caf the sincera pote win tk (ow iF go
and weal ie}. Pall chechip inca: right finger palm wich che right thamibs Papa ad

ecurntie
When you. nd poe the chip apparently inside, say, T fume here io sun! emmelope. [
pupil ape aogier rot he de che ths mance al aa! po tall gs dtu ce ha

okap ie? Bue wank, thir geev even bereer!™
ap the with the left hard, hobding te wide dhe specesier to name cither the
dhip che Ui fteh che sicher ox the chip the Vg (ns estes) Rsfoeon of mkach bs he chooses,

Sere

rir hig ae sa nay hn pi of pe rl te ole cap
read Turn your right-hand up, Puree ba in
rita wo idee nb derision ie bn che
micker) widh dhe left hand execuring the Bader Flip-Oeer-Vine move to apparently show the other sidke
oh Eh he cp the ur, de pl the pr on tbe side of the table,
ert er ra spear agp fa eer de voway, which fairs
eri cal et ao the remaining chip waa the chip he

Sip inenend fr was he ip bt eben

As left the envelope with che left hand, and dhe chip with che bach
prt er fel ooen the exble. Coneioue, "Now keep jour pit bap eas de
rai hfe hat here ren eck full me whe ue ely one him oo say he's sey

Mix them at rstocks seach gn bolamtaracinprcahe aie art

over che ipepern erp olpbdghnenimn anager Bee more ime, ae that the chap
Einiabes ont the oa iS "Ne hp ar mt ce a yn
fete ona WO do che erick, For a sure chime? Heyyy, just bee aml pick.

pes ly i pd ee are handatsipenide nections ot

right ol) pieerond the envelope, anaf’

(CHAPTER SEWENTEEN © COINS & PORER CHIPS 370.

‘The spectacer makes che cheatee of the chip. § Bur the gry ahead’ ene,
hc ger ias ppuivioe Konak ved los a ey a Manet th by he ac dea wi eg!

Slide che cweehundred dollars across the table co chis spectacoc. Ask himewhere he wanes co place his
bee. Say, Ful ehortaciertolguy gale ee dan canememeala ae mat on be bold! and aden

Chances are, he will choose che ane noe chaser hy che free apectapar. Look at she situation, and
AM) off smcdeles | rectfferal uhar both bess were So, 1 eurmed! ao rp fried and sxid, Haske, looks
‘weve gor him moe

Make a poine eee on che left no che-ocher, so thar che re kn
feria a Paps: bccuses he bdr or arin fren” oarn over the expt chien tapar har erste
wri etch oe har high Sire, ary” mand pu br Back conta oe tab

Open the eswclope and glide the chip cena the table at pou day, “Ie docin's manter which chip pew choose,
thin amie i fra, ened yom pours gonna hac” Turn over che chip co show there a no sticker on the other side,
Say, “So sorry,” and doop it onte the first chip. Say, “The Playa cheses, don'e play his gare.”

Show teeal copays Soe cic wep the purse (and che chip underneachh. Hold ie hel
sara irri Api : haat a ase knapsack
oe ih it ges, and wth the pn che ode ing." a
wal ony haroe farce rt
funn ower the chip with che fi to thow che sticker, the chap oneo the ewe
cared prath chet Hear pecan he Gis poe hgh Ege Pak eke

aap eer elser ted place itan mop of the purse, and ese boeh the wallet amd the pure
tiie cent wh he San Pu eile purse, amd chip i ve i
Say,“ fcc fareel cl frag impey handed. You lok ac che chips T wl ake back the water and

OPTION FOR ONLY ONE SPECTATOR:

‘The newrine plays precey much dhe same way, uncil Phase There.

Phase THREE

Ss aca thing! Aind (happen ao have im arg pocker re-choscss thing 20 a sare ching!
Se onaben poy ap tad ier aor without a

wicker Cony and back mo the audience, #0 thar the audience can sec

be noe tise thers ich se inside. Pick up che chip char displays che sticker and prenemel eo pum

ere ne Oe ro doar Mcichce-aude Face up, on che vo the

Jefe hand, Grasp he chip at the nop the left ghusnh and first Finger, resating ¢he bard

se chat che fgets the amd the wicker side now Faees you, Big et Mi hr oe

pe aside ithe aide oF he left seceund fi oak flap back toward the
poe per tsar fe dic chip bie ec eorope welch che she Ek nerds Gh ke x His ob ton

ae ie 4 ie ite the envelope chips pve bondi with the
ech Te ct de pies rafal Forex. Frewger, x the em:
eet kha lene bic, Lick the afilic cralepe bel hecho i
wich che Fi thon nd done the lap ove he coe wh he em Had
wich che right chumbeand Firer finger.

presi ej apparently inside, br patel arenas
pay terete! ead doco ard nag acomitene ane ;

wolf, phone's oman

80 AUDINST CIN COIN MAGIC

Pick up abe pense with the left hand, hobding be
chagp side up. Aak the 2) FUMIPBE ei
om the left (wich dhe ashcker) or che chip
oncehe right (ee sicker) Regardless of which he
eheoses, say, “Foneastic™
Pur dhe envelope down im che center of the table.
Sindee evs tostendodane
iddem chip. Tarn your -hand pale
pune Mil fo che tah. leap in roe hia
wate ehip hades! onc oe ac cans be
fingers. Use
chip he names, pick ap che chip om the REGHT
okay dtid waar acer aie hand, and ca

“We'll pur shar chip amay, watich sakes ic cur

nazeed, aay ieead it waa che chip be:

Ae chia lift che with the
ling: the Bader Whew mend on

show che other side with no sticher, them
hack ante ihe cable, Conginue, “Now keg poor

Dacre at ap enc inne ee mae unhaee pou re:
Mit chem is follows: The chip is om che left and.
he ee eee
and over ervel shde che envelope
ower che chip. Mix wp ome mane birm, say
thar the ion the left, che envelope on the

Ruhl de etic fed noe thing on por bt
eerie 4 sere thing? Hep, jest

oriaplope aie pur ie ower here (petit ee i), spor

Ee
i
1
ah

Pur chee waller, the purse, and the hidden chip
away ao end

Zh
8
Es:

IAB
Be ui
RF
gE
i
Ea
i
eB

I
it
F
e

piel errr salir ey
from the cable with i hand eee
witch co toa the blank chap frons the righe ineo-
abe nc sedi ~ inde
get al ania a ea

basta eetcny
peace and I thank you all, for wacching.”

si Parana

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN * COINS & POMER CHIPS 380

ean
haw for pao bur op
pic” a pe ng tig! aio
When | perform in my fuse
black paler chips and my deable-mar epsrem. br
is not wed for matting, however. The red cen-

conerant for the chips, and
the Each bord haps wo Ride ne of che
when | hich i¢ ender dhe grurec, | deer

ion pc miedkes can happen, anid
i ean
a Side the aktp Wom cg pom

jonal shows | use real,

money aa well, [use prop money (hich books
wery peal, and can be found on the Intermeth, |
just can's cake che change of some wite guy be-
ing cute and taking the money,

In order to perform great coin magic,
Lonly need to use finger palm,
classic palm, and thumb palm.

“Mike Gallo

The hardest thing in magie 1s to
forget what you know, and see an
effect the way someone would sce it
ifthey didn’t know how it was done.
Pawel Revth


Chapter EIGHTEEN
FRIENDS

yo pet gr papbepmeriyredhpe ar pe ernest Bh canaiterab  e S

nay ied note mage shat biked: ct bu showciahl = narpor a =

segulocneer anion latain ay enreannin serge ar known, amd

i caked from alll aroused che world, They all have different and uiigue says chat allow for ere
pal rth ake Ui a

re tance imei we Wh owervlew off a

musi ey | expeord oo receive some rourimes ps arc

suptees Ease seeny s reo, who co this book.
Same rourines ane ~— pce cre ao rae we st
bur the results are well x tain invesped.

og Sse peep mca abet eee ooabteage rer pence

peieeni- oh seo cami pra. porl igen ajay raters ceghp rec anne Notte

sagelonteiedte shemachres, ap thar the reader can get eo hinow them a bit bepter. Moar of the

Sek cosh I pec cehirst kar sosttiockn the crgpeioes ort Mead nie acdc I hegesee
ir ‘coerriburion. tamu are inna

cesmudcnn tls dergh de camananceremmkatea” i og

MIKE GALLO
Uhave foros Mibe shesce-bre-wa che: my demonsiator ac Tanawn's Magic in New York, back in the

| remenvber waeching in awe when Mike performed for Gary Gueller anda few ether
che Mew York Magic Sy i in og8. Me blew ewe aay wie hi free cola werk, be hall
from che Buffalo ares, anc his facher, Lou Gallo, wad also. an amazing magsclan. Aaa mau Mike

honed hie delle performing at the fened Forks Hove! under che guidance of bork fh and! Bade:
eager leg ler wae vee otk Js. wt oreo bagel dab amngat ale wd
inn coine afber watching Harecy Rovnchal and Woody Landers do some “serious enuff wich coin”
during his stint in che Navy.

284 RUBINSTEIN OOM MAGE:

He war ihe gues perhormer at che first Mew
York Coin Magic Seminar and did such an in-
credible job chat we had him become part the
group. Whar sets Mike apart froen the caher
performers is bis causal and relaxing perfirm-
ing aeyle. His technique ts Flawlous, hit presenta-
tigers are coaginal, asd ahr amoune of marerial he
performs seems boundless. “When he performs
‘pou arc imnscdianchy put at case by his Friendly
demeanor, and then HAM, he hiss vou over che
bend with enind blowing maghe Jhae you had no
idea war coming!

Make ail keeps hie day job, bua you might fied
Bim performing’ ot the local mcern on bis off
time, He fives in che Hiffake area with bis wile
Lined, and their dace Tiges and Shaker

1 GOT IT COVERED

When Lasked Mike for someting to pur [rm he
book, he cold mc he had eo much enaif ic woul
be hard to chose jie oe offer. | ans plad we
deviled os chis rowing. Ir ls a chowpsece, und a
closer for any set. Irisdealgned no be performed
dating af a table, The clbocr is chat half dollars
rave] op fron a glass, ome ad a che, po arrive in
a wilh’ handkerchief, However, there it o revise,
along with che usual Gallo kicker ending. This
ragine ie haa oa a grick ly Toes Coberne
Mike extended che rearine, —— ake han
diling so thar che glass ison the cable and mot in
hes ana when ihe magic happens, and adie
the warprise ending

PREPARATION: In ocder to perform chie gick,
you nocd four half dellars, cw iddcmdical plasecs
a bat bigger chan a shot glass (like alescribes it
a4 a double" shot glac, 9 silk handbenchsef, amd
abour fiky pennars. Mace che fifty pemnics into
ont of the glasses, ‘This ix wedged heaween ihe

Lege foo locry't secidencally eal off the
chair} lin pe jon bor a glass seinch ot tbe
eral of the rem Mike it in his pocker

before the routine and scuffs nwo sponge balls
ance the wep to keep che penevies insiche. Before
be performs, be cakes inoue oes peck, play
it eightly between bis legs, and doce a trick with
the apenge bathe Ac che end of ube rearing be
purs away the sponge bulls, leaving che loaded
glass in his lap.

Fold she handkerchich and place ix inna yorur
best pocket. Place che-four half dollars inco
the glass, which can either be remowed From
vp pocker ur alneady’ he an che tabbe ta begin

the remurine.

PERFORMANCE: Beyin with che shoe glaee at the
eenter Wf dhe edhle, Pour the feor half dsdlies
inee pour Ife hand. Mike docs a enin relldown
aia display flearish no-show chem ar che right
fingertips. He has come wp with one char iso
‘bit easier chan che pu methods, called
A Poor Maas Rofl owe. it iv based on Arthur
Buckley's Rol Down Production fromthe book,
lea and! Dhecepeioes. Line chee ap along
abe lett scoond and chind fingers, upper coin ar
the hase of the fingers. Mace the tip od your sce-
ond fieger agains the bortam cain, thussh on
he gop [peat FAB), Ture year husd palm down
ao place thems inva che might Rand. Held veer
dighet-hand palm up and curl your second ans
fourth fingers. Place che coins horizontally in a
row, cop ooin held ly che chum and first finger,
beacom coin berceen the third and fourth hm-
pend pears a poll nea ma
ingens against he second fmper, at the inter-
rection aE the enidie anil sates phaliags liphe-
to 729), Spread our the fingen, and the evien
wall specail betaren the fingers (pete 720).

Display them is poll deren posicios sed drop
thems we ae a mime bir the glass, councings
chem ay you ako. Take the handkerchief out of
your fimgaas packer and open it so all can see,
Hold at be the epper corners, open and in drone
of ahe plas. Slowly lay it own, folding it

asad for accordion fabion as vou bower it
tably surtace iphete TAL) Mick up the
glass wich year lef harul and pour out rhe ooina
enoo the hase of your right fingers Place the
boss back emo tbe table. Berl in che fingers oo
thar chey fall once che cenper ed your paler amd
lee thee spread downward in a rome neward he
fingers. Say, All you Aave no remember is char ohere
care four half lolly. *

Make sane the cen lowermest oir are in po
tition co chosic palm (phote 722). You can ad-
jot ibem with che fingers of abe other bond if
seeded. Tarn your hanel over Claws pale the
lower nwo cobs sa that they are a bir sagged
amd canch the apper ewe ar pour A fingsetipa.
Excend your fingers to dhe left and. ileop che ewe
colne Inge the plas, using che hack of yesar fingers
to shighd che glam ‘This way no ose con see how
many coins are nthe glass. Immedaanely pick ups
the ones of the handkerchief and pall it ower che
glaisso char ic is complenety covered amd bocaned
an che handkerchicf's center (photo 723)

CHAPTER EMGHTEEN * FRIENDS S85

Sivaighecs the handkerchief on the table, sc-
erethy dropping oor coin ee right-hand finger
tip rest. Place your chum on the back ofthe
coin andl extend ihe ig secemal and ahiral
fingers, hiding the coin behind ghem. Pur same
fingers inoo che glass ahun the handkerchief,
poking a well in the handkerchief (photo 724).
Secredy leave che coin in ibe well, chen remave
che fingers.


S80 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

Wave your hands ower che glass, aap your fir
evs then adlewly pall the corners of the kand-

fel corward oo chat che col spares no rise
as tke well pers smaller. Finally push the hand-
kerchief down close wo the plas: with both hance
photo 725), so thar che weil disappears amd the
coin appears on top. Ur kooks like she coin wens
up chrough the handkerchict,

Being year hands back go the edge of tbe ta-
Me to bet the image of the-coin om cop of the
hisdherchiel atnk in. Ac che same cime, ber the
second hall dollar Fall no righ fingertip rein, As
before, extend the fingers and por your thumb:
on the backoff the coén. Pretend oo remaree the
coin From abe gop of che handkerchief, bur ac-
taally push it hack down inee che glass (as jin
(photo 726, lees yr wellar che sinc
time! aryl rere &! fiegers cod icspilay ihe pre-
vieaely palmed qois. Set ia down at the upper
right comer of your performing surkace. Olfer
te do ir again

Make a wave over the glass amd map yoor fm-
gers. Make sure thae your hands ane seen co be
compleely cmpiy. Pull a the comers of the
handkerchief ae belore, ancil the ouin conics ur
to the iop of che gla. Ones rhe coin appears ae
the top, bold the silk tang againar the gla wich
the ket hand, and slide the coin off the nop of
ibe plas with the regha (pote T2771 You can do
aodin pall if yan like, then see ap down on gem of
ibe faret coin.

‘Grab che rear conners of the handkerchief with
both hands. Swing it-over she glass oo fold ir in
accordion fiahien oneo the table, in Front of lbe
glass, Pick up the glass with the left amd rows the
memiaining ewe evita inee tbe right thea plaice
aber lads peek £ ibe calle, bur dere
Jet ge of the glass. Fan the ro coins ar the right
fingertips. Precesd oo toss-thens back ineo the

i, bus only rls the borcom coin and pe
dtainibe upper coin againar che fingers with the
abams, bmmediavely transfer chis coin co finger
pal and grab che handkerchicl, covering ihe
glass as belore. As soon ae vou tilt che handler
chief wish ake right hand uo thar che glase can'e
he seen, release your Iefi-hand grip on ibe plane
anal wee bt ge bel pe errwer the glows, ‘The befg-hand
dotsara shickd so-see iewide the glass, and by in
modiaecly cowering the glia. no ene will realize
thar only one coin was clropped inside


ee

Show vour left hana corpey, then push the harel-
konchicf back ino the glass wih pour fingers te
erease the well, Curing che mewement of yoesr
left hanul, secretly aranifer the ein én right fin-
Fr pales no claisi¢ palm. Aur absts {nF au
déenee can peck imatde she well, since there ia
noahing oo see. Wine your hands over che glass,
Fight going usder the feft. Ac dhe point where
che righe hand. is ewer abe sep od the plas, s2-
cretly drop the coin from clascke palm inpo che
well iphoto 728. Snap your fingers, amd as be-
fore pall at che comecrs umnil che com. commen
inte view on cop of the hamdkerchich Hold che
handkerchief taur againas the glas wish che belt
hand, Slide the eaiet off he gop of uber glass wish
wnat right harul aad ale a egin nell po deeplay i

inthe righe hare

Place this colin an nop of che caher reo coins
ac che upper cight comer of che sable. As you
we the coin down, secrecly reach io -yerur bap
‘adh the belt hard ard grab the glass wich the
pemnice As ion as che enim boon the cable,
those your righs hand and grarp the upper right
corner of the handkerchiel with ibe sige of the

fire finger and thumb, Execeed sheorher fingers
hekind the handkerchief 21 in pinto 729 (exsen
tially eli ing eheeuerer betineert dhe fest eral

docord fengersh and bring it hack over dhe glass
to che cijpe of the cable (photo Fay

Peeform an dng Pie, based om Shyclini's sech-
nique, 1o-secretly lifting the glass vwiah bee
lef hand up coche right. Take ir under the hanid-
herchief with che right thumb, scoonad, tbirel,
and fxerth fingers. Purest vour right hand az abe
odge of the table, soerciby holding che glass. load
ender the hardkerchief, imamrlkacse bin,
yous left hand up from under the ease an pick
top dhe plies ar the ccnecr, Pour the coin frees

CHAPTER EMGHTEEN = FAMMOS 387

the glass one the right comer co joim the ath
ecahree coins. Seing your left hand around che
handkerchief to the back, deapping below rhe

table. in a continual action, drop che glass-into
your lap. grab che glass load, and move it undo
ibe handkerchicl enabe canter of che cable tte
40.73) in the location formally occupied bry the
aariginal glam, There should be en hesdtatioet 3a
you nwieel dhe passes

Soraighten he handkerchief over whe plas, aber
pick up che lose half dollar with the right hand
Explain thar this cine you will de che erick a bbe
differently. Inseead. of coming up throagh the
handkerchief, you will make ir penecrare down-
serrd. Perform a Retention Pas into your belt
Rand, seraining che colm on the right Fingertips

Make aonam motion with the belt ingore,
ther agen be In a daewnstand ioauing motkon ko
show the vanich,

Chal the handkerchiel from che base of the
place wich ube right ohamb and fire finger,
palling ir oway from che glass and over whe codn
om the ng Fingers, Oince che glace is rewealal,
expliin chat the coin muse have shacvered inca

S68 RUBGKSTENN COIN MAGAD

filty picoce as ir ragodl. Pick up che glass
with the le hard and cous the pormics oma she
table, Transfer ibe handkerchiel with she goin
hidden cndlemeath oo che left Boel Bring ine
der ehe cable, grabbi the place in abe Lap and
ienmediancly cedar Uh iiss pectin

FINAL THOUGHTS: Ax | worked ahrowgh this
routine, it oocenned so me thar it could glen be
performed standing ap. You would neod a scr-
vane at che edpe of abe cable co chemp che glass
anal hare tier load undler vert jacket, Il Ieave i
ta the reader to work aur the handling.

NATHAN KRANZO

f had the ure el aime with Nae
than fecal pony rir the NV Cathe
He i ene of the fennteer enagiciase | naw, Nig
chan docs magic fulll time. He began honing his
cralt, firse im che resores of norchem Michigan,
then later performing and lecraring with his
ph ac magic creaciogs all over the world, One
only needs to open any magic magazine (Magic
Magazine, Gcnil Magacine, The Penembra, Am-
tingeny, Channel ne, and ‘The Linking Ri
ho name just 2 few! or wanck his DVIDh, po fi
Maahan's. origenall wark.

‘This reusing firs in perfecely with Nachan’s abla:
ble personaline Ie is funny, invereseing. andl has
a surprice exile,

SHUZBUT COINS

This fsespaced rourine has am almost impromp-
ta feel oo in. After a person iit ee byp-
natized, three coins. appeer, shang
into three half dedlars po onal. It is. great hor wall
around, and resces ima Mash

PREPARATION: In onder co peetorm chis effecr,
you ame poing co need rom half dollars, amd a
Copperfeikeas (Cys) coin ehowing a half dollar
oneme tide anal an English perey on che other,
Place the bal dolls fn right-hand fieger
The(2/S coin gem top of the nen hinger-qu

half dallors, half dedlaw aide Geing up ibaghs
after neaclieg, che deseripaiom vou might Find
lg easier co erare with br ima clipped poasichon,
copper-side face wp, berween the right first and
second fingers, inorder co fecibitace the inicial
production as in photo Tk2

PERFORMANCE: Look at your speciation, make
a magical prigury, asd sav, “Mhusbur, There, river
jou are ander thy Spell Nowe Aft pale Bo ee
hinge. Note yeu sent J f pou are
fering a coin, jamp righe cur of erp maou. *

Bring your right hand up oo your doe anal
cough, pushing che (2/5 coin co your Fingers
copperside show ine {ef vou started wish
coin ina clipped position, you cam jet iit
up bre paibing on ins urlersicde- with che abambs
a3 in photo 725). Let che coin fall ete the base
of the finger of abe open Left hand by flipping
ie over the fires finger wo that ie cure ener aa it
falls, landiag copper-side up.

ace che caw finger-palmed coles Inge Niarlo's
t fosinion (dubbed the Marie Afone in the
iggt Ed Murlo's Lecuure Noses, and firar camghr
in this book with whe description of the mow.
Air Drop Glick Past, by grabbing che edge of the
finger-palmed: coins chosear co che fingertips
saath the thumb, and Levering them te a pacicion,
nidicular en dhe: palm, betwoess the thems
ard hase oF the segordl end thied fingers. That
frees che fingers eo extemal acted ate, gil
ibe illusivey ore empay franad Tevcad tates
upubel/$ coin with your righe fingers bur heave:

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN + FRIENDS. 280

it im beft he position: Ruch vous right
Fingers on Flee lhe, shen aber to
chine ther the coin bras vari Thesing this

sction, curt your kil-hand pales down, carling
eign fiegen to nie coin ioe your
fi ape copperside facing up. Mace your
churbon the Ouner ra coin and flip
in over. Iemediately bring wour keft hand up co
your mouth and cough agvin, pushing. che coin
ecw copperside showing) 1 your tips:
as if the coin once again jumped out of your
mourh, Say, "Thar was pricy wind Thi ran all
cote, and ir trpretey merthlem, echich di eta
Fg you fo think, Thin nay, you aen'e eunr ne
take ir from ree.”

Aa you wakdraw the coin from your mourh,
place the coans ie the night: hued back inco fine
ger palm ond casually sransker the G/5 coin co
the righe fingertips co dieplay ahr copper side co
your wadionce. Let che coin ll ono che open
left hand at before, flipping over 10 land

perside up once again. This time, after ie falls
into the hasd, position ie sa chat it lees at tbe
tase of the fest and accomd fingera Chnee the
image of che copper.cnin im the kf hand has
regivteral, peter ibe Kren ‘Chingeoeer Salen
to traimher che coin from Marloes Pit
clon po righs Nowhere palm. This is performed
ander the action of picking up the C!S coin as
follews: Transfer the imger coins once
again co Marko's Motding Position. Reach for che
C/S coin with the rips of che righs thembs amd
scoond finger and the coins in Holding Poui-
tion againac che bele third finger: Gurl che brger
areal che rim of che coins, greeping: thers in
Nowhere palen (photo 734). Ar che same cise,
Bit the C/S coin oud oF the hand gee] ners the
fefe hands that he fieygers extend power the
suidicner, cuine bidkden in Nowhere pal.

Oespliy the (2/8 cein.ae the base of the right fin
fers, coppercade up. Turn your tight hand over
and prevent eo drop ir lene your belt hunel but
recain it in finger poles (Close abe left hand aa
iFvow really cook the coin, The audience is not
ae bars rem peacgr rie pric

Reach impo your right pockes, allowing
abe coin io turn over soba the copper side lice
again the rips of the fingers, Being it cae ol
your pucker 21 ifyau had anather ene ane abis-
plas i, copper-aike showing. Heenach thar it's
a dec eo, fo prevents ahem from wanting eo
wake the fers one. Perform a Receerion Past ine
ihe left hand, clinking br agsimse che half dods
lars. Jingle che half dollars ceinhorcing che then
thar bork come were placed inno thee hard.

Hal in finger palre altar you ji
then in the hand. al

Rerach inte the: ri cect again, amd repro-
duce the sane nae emg Re-
erack chat have wet anoher deve acim,
suhing ie harder eo livre which of che ehree
wat the origheal copper coin. Hold vour lel
fist out, chumb on cop, and place che (5 coin
oe nop of the hand, side exposed (pho
bo BG Allow it co fall now che hand chrough
the space betveren the chuent and fret finger,
faneing etme ge up against the iat rs
in hi palm. Seap your fingers then open
the leét-hand palm up: The eoien will lie on abe
palm, the C/S enén on the bottom, half dollar
sie Facing up. Vou ean none curr over the b
owe coins, ievplying dhat all chee are silves. To
Finds, say, “Moat! have afree silver coins! Thar
toh chey anere in che firs place, boo J didn’r won

18 bellene har, becouse ches you miighe war 1
take chee from me, Shuobur! Now rhe spell ix off.
and you are back ro moreal!™

380 RUBENSTEIN CON MaGic

FINAL THOUGHTS: ‘This rourine i: comennacted
vo thar che app 2 of the chree silver coins
corned stg fou can pocker whe
bo eml, a wey mo have che
three sibier coin cua i t with ah

har 0

Finally, ali
half Lest ene SeTiEe
are way mane

JEAN EMMANUEL FRANCIS

met ex
i Ee a leerure om een

enareedl in Marecilles, Fran

gic Seminas
| proved no be a Me bir Nise
prise, becauwic Ihe has been doling maghcsince he
omwchie wears old, He fire pectormed
i SEH rh
dito fecus on
ion co winning

¢ FRAP and Blackpool, produc

DAD, and beh;

orm = ng 8 profeseiony
lew, Jean Emmanuel enjoys dl
He curmrencly lives in A.
Marhara ane! child, Sava

AEGEAN COINS

cain magic. Three Chie

ge leer ar

ile The break-

PREPARAMIOM: For che reestane yer need shree
Chinese coins and aix silver coins of che same
site (Jean Err wel ces dollar-aeed ren
Vou alike need a clasp coin purse, the size appre-
peiane hoe phe cadre pwd! be using half elas
vs.cdollar). Place all che coins imetde che purse ad
folllkrws; There siberr coins, fallowed bey c three
Chinese coins, and finally, che three las sibver
coine. The purer in plioed inca yenar | Ket
This roar ine fs devipned ew be pectormice stand
ing up ata table

PERFORMANCE: faploin chue you are going cu
HpoienE a magic imick, a hig onc. Take che purse
in the righe hand anc a it in order co make
ainndee, Tranifer che pumsc to the keft hase aril
open in. Caemp all che coins ince the right hand
atthoat showing the onine [pieete TI).

Place che purse at abe center of the table. Reach
ines yaar right band with the lee ard graep all
nine oodns wich che left thumb and fingers. Mace
the eenter of y ¢ palm aru
lass palm the chree innermnces silver
Franc action, fog the sheoe Chincsc coins
toward the firgens, wt ec up ibe apperrecest
three silver ocina. Show them the exneniied fin-
gente’ che palenoup heft hand. Curl your cighe
deur vour-hand palma die. ierieng tbe
nse ected Gall cee che fingers Place
sour chambam the wp of the Chines coins and
dies them ania the bier abien in he lefe hae

fick ap the Chinese cuina one at 2 time with
the vighe fingers (photo T2T) ‘lisit ahe Af
Subalory va hide che sack uf palened silecr onine.
Place chem down in a werical ruw.co the befe of
the purse. Likewise, place cach eilver ooin ona
the table one at a time no che right of the parse,
making a vertical poe to mnacch ghee rou of Ahi
fee coins. (photo TIS)

Phase ONE

Dick ap ehe parece wath your left Rand amd oper
the claip with tbe righ agers. Fick up che chee
Chites: evira wich wer rghit har, Shine she
purse 00 the speceazora: Use chis dingy as mis
direction: te perlonns the iy Mudie Coin
Bake Clumee (2 variacion of Roch’s Fain Changed
with your nghe hand inorder us pur the Chinese

bike dhiste-paln poditiog and the she
feo Finger. palm a is pee as hothow
Hold the Chincur cohen at he cips of your righa
thumb, first ond second fingers (phot 739)

y the second Finger Sings the Chinese
coins onco the aide of the second fingertip with

CHAPTER ENGHTEEM + FRIENDS Sot

the thamb se thas whe cheee- (chinese coins cose on
the side of the second Finger, held iin place by she
thumb. ‘The fied finger is cxteniied end helps ne
kecp che coins aligned (photo TiO). Rend in che
socued finger evers further anal exec dhe thunih
olf rhe cop, extending le akong the edge of she
coins, The coin eneee right ines Theans palm,
held bey the edges a tee det of che shunt

ra tote TAI). In this po-
dan they can be pressed again the palm wits
thie ipa od the Firggens to Boole dbcra i place


Riclease your grip on the Downe-palmed. ooin
with be oo thas they quictly fall ome
the ect. ‘Withour: hheaina-

pete eo ie
+ 1D BO into has
soon as the cobns are in classic palm, place wour
Chomb apainer-che shree silver coins and trop
dheen ina the pure: the wadience belli
po be che Chinese onind). Snap the 7
and place it back ona thc
andionec ik goncernod, rou picked op the
ines ones av opera.

Pick ups ihe tersain silver coins with 1

ad. Perforen A ge Francis Mu
gc, clasele palming che silver coins ana
dropping the Chinese coins ineo che left band
lmmediately chore che le
ipa fee so thar che oo
a-wave over the left ha
dloaty ope

Fini CA,

dl wich the right, then

reves) (he (hincee coins.

¢ sale in
hi hand ee he
hand as eeopee
pt for che Chinese coin as pou pas
be table. Cpen the purse and
three silver coins onco che cable, Place she

al nore urxlormcaih che (2 ut Cosme.
Remember, pou sill hawe che ibinee sibocr cole
chad chasic palm

(Mace the ooins ose ae 5

Phase TWO

Offer ta repeat the cilece buy expla n thas paay-

be the parse is a j he the
left banal ani plac i machict. Pick
with wour belt hard, armel he

smith veur eighe iphoto 745) Say

ame bor withous che

prucec. Ask he auc TOE BO rede cor ai]
ver bt doesn’) marter whar they answer, because
vos hover'c sold whar you are golmge no do. This
them: che sense char dhey ane.cex vallimg
te accion. As you say 0 jingle he sibecr
coins to wid in mrislincctinn while vou perform
ple Goin Palen Ramey, lassi
vc coimrs anal baakding she 5

E Text

i


back omte the table fom che bef bared ane! poet
the silver-coins from che right hand inva the belt
(ike aadience thinks i! y ac Chine Close
the left hand co ahae che silver eoied aren't seem

Pick up che silver coins with che right hand and
ak again which one they warned. As-chiy re-
peat their answer, ceccue che Francie Adabipic
‘Coin Pale Change again with the right band), EP
they said (Chincue, remark thar one again the
Chino has boegence silver, sndithe silver haa he-
émtte Chine, [chev aay silvers, reittark hae the
vilver has bevenmie Cohince and the Chisese has
hecome sikees, Open che right hand! and place
the Chimese coind conte abe cobde (raking care
not to show the palmed sshver coins), amd chen
open the left hard and place che ailver coins
ome the table aa welll

Phase THREE

Remark thar maybe chey are coo many coins,
so-youdlon'r need. couse the (chinese cone amy
more, Mick up the Chince: coins with pour right
band! and perforen tbe Francis Mulripie Coin Palm
Change in order oo classic palms the Chine
coins afl secretly hold the silver coin ar the
Fiersip Ohup thems inte ake lefe hand fhe
fierce dkinkd wow ane deopping dhe Chinese
amd place chem into -vour lef pocker.

ou

Explain chase you will now perform a crick with
just the thre silvercolms, Pick therm up with the
right hand, execucing the Francs Mulripir Cain
Pale (fuse co-classic palm the silecr coins and
secretly bring the Ghincse coin on the finger-
tipm Place ahem into athe eft hand and close the
hamul around them a fist ao ne one can see
that the eoind ane Chimes,

CHAPTER ERQIHTEEN * FRIENDS 303

Biemagk shar visa will male che siberr exing poe
thresh your bands. Tire your lefe fisr palm up
apd ie agsinar the back of che pakw-dbernts

right hand, which Is open. Say, "One", end. let
one of che silver coins drop oneo che table from
chosic-palm pesicion. (photo TG). Pick ie up
swith che right hand and place ir inno che teft, on
top ofthe three Chinese coine (phota M7 Make
ware that the Chimcer com ane mon seen, ut
thn with che sccond and ghind coin, placing t

hack ime the left hase alter che periceracion.

CMEer co pepear the penerracion wish all three
coins ac once. Try, fie pothing happens. Ave
surprised, chen gay, “OMABAR, [know what hap-
pened. The Chinese cober gor in che wiry.”

pen the hand to show all six coins in thie bele
hand. Place chen alll anon the cable co ered

FIMAL THOUGHTS: Whit ix a were clever roueine,
beat ales werv diffecule, The palm changes THEE,
be deme both quickly and samc in oder co
aveld dereccion. However, once maseeted ihe
reualts are devaearing. | feel you cam also add
another *kicker™. Alter you show the six codns in
the bund, place chem all oem the table. Prevend
vor pllace ee silver coins back into the left hand
ber retain them in the righa. Cne mechod would
be towe Milron Karts foe Vanish aaa Click
Pass fas fine eaaghe in chic bed im she rourine,
‘Triple Ply reiaining all ghree im finger palm
“Three: weighs the Chimes coins aig of che wav, do
was you said you were going to iby — make dhe
three eotins penetrate the hands ar anes,

1 perform this rourine with halfdollar-cieed
coms, and use the move caughe earlier im this
book in Chapeer Five, Mulri-Goin Angle-Faim
Switch, Howeees, Jean Emenamecdie's: move
works cqually well hor caine af any sine and ix
‘well werth the price of admitai


304 (PUBENSTEIN COIN Magic

MORITZ MUELLER

Moti come io us from Wollibang, Coerma=
py. He starced dotmg magic at che young

of pwele. Me mec Marc DeSouza on a family
trig co the USA, and after a celm magic ses-
sion boughe his fire: half dedlars. Still young in
age, be has alvady made an impact on che coin
magic scene. Morisz has becnan TW here im che
USA (Ellon), bead lectunpsl at the Magic Carel:
in Lemdon ace! performed in Daneel and has
several downloads available on sume of bis coin
Rotel, Cond mage tb an adetirional hee,
and at uhis writing he is working ona ber
on memorized ddeck card maghe. Morice plans
co erart studying Peach! at the Lniversicy
laver this -year, Hie really sbinks aber his magic,
and this vanigh is no cereprion.

SUDE OF HAND VANISH

Morice uses a doflas-siaed coin for ibis vanish

To begin, hold the coin at the fingertips of che
righs hand, Gee of ghe enim ro ghe audience and
fingers poentir aupewaril anal alnghaly to the heft,
“The positions obake fieggers or che ein ds very
ienportacd. Hold the ein loosely ar the edge be~
eween the first finges on one side, and che right
side of che chum rip on the ocher. The side of
the second Fingercip is pressed agains the rim
of the coin at the point where ihe bocoomof rhe
nail meets the skin. The felt side oF the thumb
andl vide of che second fimger pouch each ocher
iphoto 745i)

Bring the left hand ower sc.the righe, covering
the coin with ube expenabed lef fi Under
dhe cuser ofthe le Rogers exiesel she ed
ond Fanger and. abeift che ibmb 0 tbe felt. This
ores the coin go degrecseo char ip ear rears of
the side of che first phalange of che thumb, ball
al'the chumb presied againac che second finger,
and rim in the interdigicall space bermeren che
fret and sccomd Enger (phate 74a), fy ry
hy rcheasing preseane on the cain fem che Fest
roger the cvin rolls dawn the chamb with che
aid of the crack ereanel by abe ingerdipical apace
oF the fir and second frngers iphoto 750), eo
wirnd up sa the hae of elie chindh (photo TEL),
Motige poines our chad if che space berwcen she
chub andl first finger bs poo big, the col enight
fll eae che space when it anrives at che base.
Excending che fingers and remaceing the thunh
should eliminane char tisue.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN. * FRIEMDS 3am

Ac chis poine you will cransfer the coin to back
thumb-paim (also called. rear thumb-palm,
Prost the thumb ani abe right odge of she
coin, clipping it heeween the thumb) and hase
of the Grat fiesger. Pall the ghuenl (and outed ups
eaaa ral thse fi < (phote TS2), co akar che
casi i pieorear bee ne hand, clipped at che edge
berecen the thumb axl right side of uhe hand
(phote TH3) To make the hand look more open,
left che tip ef che chumb so ie doesn’t seers like
the encire thumb ia pressed againat tbe side of
the hand. The coin is mow in back thumb-palns
and ibe fron of che hand can bse shore to che
spectacors ax being completely empay.

Aw ou perfonm the dancer of che euin frome
the fingereips io lack skamb-palm, close che belt
hand around the right fingertips as af you took
che coin, aed move ie {rong oF the epen nighr
hand-o bit co che kf. Blow on che Wie hand,
then open ic palm no the audience 10 show chat
the coin has vanished. "To male it come back,
veach inco the wir and praba speck of dust wich
your left thumb and firse finger, Tarn your left-
hand palm up, ehumls anal fret fiegers, pinging
upward and che pear of che Fingers oxncraliong
oucward. Bring your right hand in frente af the
left hurt ane tac oper tlp, and wdilscee ay
fasion wer chown te renee dhe asin Fremn back
-palns [phete 754) Ce bo mene the
fight hand a bit more po the lefy, hidking the coin
behind the hase of the righe chum (photo TEE)
Kowa ube right bund so char che palen mow Face
ve you, lifting the chusnb ne help hide he ooin an
the left fingertips (phate TG. With fingers ex-

bdiwe pour right hand vo the right,
ling the coin ac che bk fingornips Nborite
hance the effect by moving ta the cighe
ail the fingers mavee in front ak che oie
He then ratares thc hard ap the wrisr it te-
ward the aadicnes ta reveal she coin


SiG RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

AS A COMPLETE VANISH

Brusing yrur sleeved, yom car use this eecthoxl 10
effeccuace a very prety complete vanich, Movicn
docs this wearinga long sleeve vaarshicr, skeeves
pulled back abour four inches frown che wrist,
The fabric at che opening of the sleeve should be

a bit firm, sinee if neods tm capch che eain.

The varias iw performed the same way upantil
the coin hi canilerend inp hack chomb-palm.
fy palling he chums [and coin) backware jane
abar evore and chen releasing pressure on the
coin, che coin Gills ower co ind on che back of
abe hand fuse below che lonuckle of thse finer fin
ger (phote THT) Morice slightly mens che hand
eo that the palm faces the wadience co help facil
itare the move: fe will then slide down the back
ed the hanil.and arn (phete 758) co amrive ac abe
ogensing of your shove iphets TES). Nore thar
tha iva knacky eype of move, and only procter
will allow you mo get che feel of how to mene
the are te contmol the mowenicnt of ghe-cokn
as ig Ireads down abe arm. Ac char pone it will
either Fall inside or be caught by the Fabric to
fie agabrer the gem. This acaion ia a bic fonacky,
Ie -will cake a bir of practice and confsdeece to
tec the coin slide doen che arm withour fear of
ir falling co abe floor before it reaches che sleeve.
Morisz pulls the sleeves back quite a way dom
the aren, bur char will depend on your combore
level and coninal of the coin,

Chawe in abe cleewe ie wlll ihe Karel gs meeurver,
‘Whe action of reaaring both hands to stherer beak
sides hebps no ler the coin drop deeper inpo she
slew. Moritz will often pull his sleeves back
even Further, secretly prabhing the coin in che
deve and cursing it ower co-cecare a apcuse fold
wo that the pe i acchlentally fall ca im
an inopporhanc amcor


COMPLETE VANISH

WITH SHORT SLEEVES.

Morice hus found a nice way to perform this.
in chon sheves. In onder to execute a complete
vanish, you will need a silicone wristband, These
are usually fowmnd with che name of a company
or loge embowrd om ah surface, Moris weant
thicon hétanm, sheur four inches down fines hiv
wrist, The move it the same as when vou perform
i ihocves, except that dhe endl of the
eoin bt held by she band (photo TBO), Chnce chere,
‘you seed ea be careful noe to: lee the con fall,

To recieve ehe coin, bring your belt hand over

bo che band no adjuse ic closer ne the woriet. Aa

che belt fimgere mowe creer the band, it in rela~

a easy ta curl che fi aroanil the cain
and place it inco finger ane

ANAL THOUGHTS: This ix a cery prenty vanish,
arel cor difficule, You shogkd eee chat when
the cots arrives at dhe hase of che chuenb, it is
ferve in Balance palm (photo Tp Balance palm
otiginally appeared in che eq4y2 Eddie Jeph:
‘book Gain aad Money M. and thas. been
rived In receng years : bach Joha Barn
Branden ‘Wolf iF are performing a
rauring whore thas aril be a uechal posicion,
you can jude leave the coin abere andl proceed,
ka playing with the move, | have heand char
i mB Sa bir caaier to pre with beaded
t extended co che cencer of 1
aoe aio Red ie easier doe me bo get noo the
omen op the coin rolls dram sah of
the thumb, using the innerdigital space bereoren
dhe fire-and second finger aa crack for che rim
vaf che coin.

a The manipularion of a coin inva back
thams-palm caring che action of a ane-hanabed
goin vanish appears in the November iag iemaz
of che Magig Wand, Wal, 4 Ney 4. Whe author,
(2H, Shortt atviburecs is toa Henry Herrmann,
from whoen he learned iz in eByz. The fire
publithed references co back chumbepalms were
in eg i Carl Willimann’s Der tauberwelr
Wol ¢ No. ia, where ir is credioed no De, Ave
VArchur Kellman. In aqoo it appeared in hoch
T. Melon Downs’ Modern Coin Manipulation,
and Ellis Suanyon's A New Rewrer Bale jor
Vaniching a Goi in Magic Not Voll 0
Agcontingeorhowrbsice. youncounjusinpennbirs
fu (rom where some of thee credsrs were
obtained), |.N. Heficnser ind chin cemeealmene
“in his routines performed im dhe mid-aBows,

(CHAPTER EMGHTEEN + FRIENDS S87

BILL CIMINO

Chad the pleauere-of firse mocting Bill at che
weed the erred with a few of his routines |
eomder Ball ge he ane of che “Young Cue” in
ani magic, yee his carer in magic ones
ery a Having spent years per
in ees or peti dy bars, and for core
pore clients-tn Pennsylvania, Sew fersey andi
the caiinos of Aclancic City, Will knows what
intakes vo satisfy the lanest appetioe auclicnocs
have for magic. Hit passion fox the art of
ic easily shows through in his performances, To
dare, Bill cemtinucs to perfor for priate anil
corporate cenne, at welll as lecturing to other
magicians and peers on deight of hand and hie
original reavines. Hill lives paw ourside Philadel-
soothe his wide Kai aed their children
mand Reagan When not doing magic.
Hell ie the THreccor of a Boesidencial ‘Treanment
Faciliay thas works with adulescena males.

‘COINS WALKING WILDLY AHEAD
at the

ee ah ri mere
imegervips oor by ome < change
ro coppor coins, Finally, the coins waddenty all
ehange back te silver for dhe finale. Unde mary
eober Wald Coin routines, all the cuir ame seen
at the saenc ties after they chan That oud ine
iva wery ive eake on che Wild Coin plo, le
it done warding, and everyehing occurs im the
harnele. Ir alka nesene very quickly, ienporraunt for
veal arouesd wel

PREPARATION: You will need one English pen-
my, cwo balf-dollars, and a Sun amd Moon Coin.
For ho — 3 re cong ee
sie of an Fi peony wn a Bhs ep
poce/sibver (02/5) ieuert. bhp ina
si ibe ant English penery, ibe Fea Ral sei

anal [ i held be le eo Fit ino the
absell _— | ei ul Maen exis.

Ifyou don’t hove a Sun ond Moos coin, you can
iy using an Expand E pene

a "CHS coin, Both are sk galls and read-
ily weailable for an inexpensive price. Im chin
cade, pou nocd co make sure thar whichewor side
of ibe coin ip shown an the dhelll fie, Israds or
naili), ghar the masching side of the C/S ain
shows the -appurite. This wll erasure chat when
ite pwn are ncuce together they will a a

pa ¢ English pernry. Fron here yout
ean joeree des dacstulea bakrekl air kiae

398. ALBIRSTEIN COM MAGIC

Ball performs abis rourine: left-handed and the rewtine s-writtcnwith chat im mind, Mast right-handed
people may need no ewinch the belt hand for the right and viva-ver in ender to heeeer porfoens chia

Teaatine,

Start wih a half dollar in a cole clip below ne ow feet placed in pour left shde’ poker; chis
won't play a role uewil che end of venisboe: Pe has cxrwinend hell urs oe saga epee en
Mace whe shell (with the pie copper coin instde) ineo right Ginger palm, shell fice agaimer the fin-
gets. Cin cop of thar place the C/'S inert copper-side ep, and an ¢ that place che balfdollar. You
a ee tka plo papper ane peel peee bold then in che right and finger
pales them when ready co perform. Bill will use che small ticket pocket inside ibe right pocket to held
the coins, bat you-can alsa kecpabe stack preieod inte a comer of ibe pocket inorder,

PERFORMANCE: When you're mady so perform, reach into your pocket and finger the seack of

pains, shell aoe agaanet the: fh thar you keep money hidden around your body asa nscthoad
es Caps taf meer ips pier linn Toc ibe mercy beg ts pechies cr ball chagrin cho
THE PRODUCTION PHASE

Bring ar sigh hand oo che left sheeve. pcre meee rep terete patie
it co. rips with your chumb, Display ir ac-your wij TEU PE al itennadl

of tbe i ra let hard.

Execuce Bill's Digplay Stairs Pass into che right hand, Beickly, ner the kef-hand palm clown, fieger
palming che kalf dallas, Samulzancously bring your sight hand under the curled hingervof the lefe hare,
papery eb hla aoniby die the newt cern OC/S coin} no che right Fingertip with the
thurtdh, Bo ect turnethe righ: plies clove aa with peom Shuerle Paces. Inetead, invmediaeely with-
draw che sight hard to the right ard display the (2/5 coin ar the aggre ol he Trrsstigs hand,
half dollar side showing 0a the audience. Asa quick posision check: you have a half dollar in left-hand:
fan Fic C/S coin ar che eight Fingercips showing silver, and che nesced! English penmy and shell im
cant Sige palm.

(Concinue by saying, “it caer money eo make money.”

Bring che left hand over ne tbe coin in the right hand. Push the half dollar uo che fingertip wich che
thumb, hitting che cnin at the right Fingertiga. Imesecizanely pull away pull sway as if splinting ehe ex=
posed cols iin hon, Display bodh caine at their peipeccive fingertips,

You will new execute Bill's Tous Click Past, ox follows: Drop the half dollar from che belt fingertips ooo

ube base of rhe left fingers. Bring your left hand ower vo the coin im the right. Prerend to tos it iin

the night hand with a slight curn of she belr wrise (ax iF you were executing a Roth Shurcke Pass) beat

pecain icin finger pale. Ac ihe same time, drop: the CfS coin oneo tbe dalled coin in ight fi palm,

me ozo acticne and the meheequent clink infer chat both ecim were oppel ingo tha
rc ;

Reach behind left. leg: amd the fase ein bye pushing in oo che Bef ips with
abel, Trl robynls lr aarti llc Cunpinigttantons
fixe around dhe ooinc Say, "f beep ele Lar code down Arve Nowr thas I huwe che pins, J can show you senenhing
denercating. Kbeagil che edkoy cbread’

WILD COIN PHASE
Posithin ¢heek: all rhe eating are in che right

hand. ‘Whe sack order staring choicest oo the
fi i evel ish re acd shell, C/S
one a od fal chedlag: this ds
idenccal no whar pion ka Spon with.

es your left chumb and. first finger, reach

impo che right fir through the space between
the chum) ard First Ginger and nemeree the awe

ro po coin of the stack, These ane che half
datlar and) (5/3 coin hue will appear ay cats bell
dollar pe ehe audience, Fan. thers (C/S coan is
surermost ad aa dhe boreem of che fen} and
wave thee cole over she righe hard. Then,
open the right hand. to stow char che remain=
ing coin has changed co am English ny. Face
your right chum: on che fiee of the mest and
puch it po che fingertips, curning your hand ower
to show the ocher side. ‘Timm your right-hand
palna wp again ane the coin inge its
sighon aq fe ba right fingers, whelll face

seill againar bg Sn

Creture with the ewoeuin in che belt band and
explain iat hazy will bee hea to change. While
diteering, eheenton here, secretly femove che
Englith ppencar Freen the shell Te do this, cur
che righe-burad down while lighely finger
paling the shell (note: for some peuple, in ore
seamen the shell ir mighe be easter oo fin=
ger palm che shell wich che middle phalanges of
the second aind third Fingers, instead of the low-
of phalanges. of the fingers) Maienaim the 1
thomben the coin and ecliove pressure with
thumbs te allow the English pearmy to Fall foot
the shell iphete 762, fers Friger moved fer clan
ity), Ohiee ip chars the ‘hall push she English
peemy co the right fh tips. his abou take

no more chen a secoexd's wordls of teme, When

CMAPTOR LIGHTEN « FRIENDS 390

bark onthe English penny ic
sapprar as you ganthed the onin
Place the Enghih penny

at che kexeom al the sap sitarte cae Vet bea

atiention it
willl rater

we the: right fn

Tochange the next coin, puch ehe finger-palmed
raat = ro the ips of the first amd secord

ft againar them with she chums,
Pe your right-hand over no che fan of coins.
tie lecoin HIS oa) by gaping te
back of ake coin with the dhumb, pressing the
right frone side apainar che ih ide of ghe shell
anal withdrawing your tight hard te the right
phate TES). The sibicr coin ts agill partially cx-
posed ar che fingertips, che hell hidden by che
righs fingers, Yea are now set for a very clear
and very visual change of the second coin frow

sibver pee f. Vhhie st alee a sealord

with Serta Moon coin tece  Khause’s
Soleil ex Lune eourine, from Richard Kaufman's
Blchard’s Almanac, 98-4 Winner Excra edli-
Thom om page 195.

Bring your right hand wp oa year moush ard
‘Mow-an the coin, Ag em on che ooiny, mest
the C/S esin inte the shell The maturall motion
af Dvingging the wight hard chee to yerar oaths
te blew willl cower thie senban ef che right dumb
as ie mieves Che pea Mowe ghee righr fal aay
from the enouch, prishing the con hack ac the

fingertips. be will appear as if the coin visibly
pers | copper. You can then openly dis
play this coin on boch sides, by performing
Latta’ Fingerip Tair! (from the Minch Holts
book, The Long Goodbye, and fret 1 tin
this book inthe routine, Tirilighe done Wild Coin
Siow Venioa), Briefly, hold she nin berecen che
tip of the right dhumb and fra heger, Curl
your second finger ame theo extend jr bebinal
ithe coins, reload the thumb, Uhis clipe the oain.

200 RUBISSTEIN COIN MAGIC

berween che fire and scoond fi aps. Mace
your thumb on topeok she com a plac td
an thee same time moving your first fingertip to
the opposite aide af the-coen. ‘This mens the coin
over, ak ag anc new hablicg i benecen the &

of che ehucah ard firve awe fiegers, insert

now facing the audience. Say, “lf canit really exe

Plain this anoff meyself

orale Earnadlerrer erect aiatasny toa
i: ichom just rw
level iene tg Pd Lice rlasavsahl sane
barn yoear bel hand beck up to diuplay the ceina.
at chear bewel, palns to che right and faces ol”
the coir coward the audience, The half dell
wdhoild seill he at the cop of che ewowotn fan
(and inscrrune), While che acceeaien is on che
cole inthe left hase, lever the edge of che shell
close vo uke third finger upwards wich the
thamb ard press che opposite edge agains the
fire finger (phoby 764). Wirhour Iesicatéon, ai-
multancously rotave your right brane so shear thee
pabm fee left, fimger palm tke CS cain, aul
npeocae the shell between the shusnh ane fies
ficges so thar it is displayed at ibe bef Finger-

tie, Gee of he shell crmeard the audsence photo:
TES) Mas: che dhell in bewwren ihe rao coins in
he le enraring a Gia of chee

Gimp the af the CfS cein in finger
with the eh hry ared pbiarpsparid pean

pedition perpendicular co che pabm, so thaa ihe
opposice edge is pushed againas dhe base of she
second and third fingers. theenin ix new berldl by
is opposine cdgce with ibe hamb on ane siske
aml baie of the second anal thie fimgera ae the
other. That frees the fingers to extend and cepa-
rate, giving che ilhsssen of an cenpey hand. This
be Marko's Hi Postion, also called the Mario
Mowe, eons che apg Ee Markos Leerure Noes
Lond first daughe in ibis book with che move, Air
Drop (Chick: Piss).

hand over ao the kei and pre-
Ralf atollor, Lieder dhe exer of
the right fingers, meat the half dollar inew che
shell. Place pour right thusnls agacnet F fie
fees as iF pou cook the coin and withdraw 1
the righ. Turn vour right-hand padm doves for

reed el he

justa second and curl she fingers, releasing che
col onro the fimgeruips (silver side against che

rsh Imemediarely place your chum on che
es the cuin ard bre! ehered ieee
le, dtigplayiegg the coin with che halt dollar vide
uheecing af the right fingereipa.

Hsing your right hand up eo year mouth, simul
rancoudy blowing on che ooin and periorming
Lavia’s Fingerrig Taso! codtip arcu the coin, re=
wealing the change to copper. Place the ooim ar
the top of che fan of coins (and inmermostl, in

the lotr ham.

Ada padition check: yon have a vertical fan a
ahiee coin at the fmgertips of the left banal.
Li rea rd ghescet oo yo dh che C'S gen
thowing. i the midelle eoim is the half
dollar sexed inthe English penmy shell, hower=
most and closest no the epectapors bs pes
English penny. As a reminder, there x sti

eather bal dotlar either ina leh packer or coin
clip char-was placed chore at che sramtof the rou-

tine, This will come inom play mera,

CHANGE BACK PHASE

Hereark, “Thas peeing muck how fr alll wwrks,” as
0 tern your keh hana palm down and singly
place the cies ante extended fingom of your
f-ing ¢ hare, changing the onder a3 fal.
mace: English: peney Celoseie to the tips oF ate
fingess), lollrmed by che 1S ooin (overlapping
the perv), one fieully, ac the hase of che fine
per, the newed coin ser overlapping the C/S
coin (all copper-side up), This alte serves no see


the correct order of coime For che sudden change
back co silver,

Display the coins om the i Lees andl
possi tirearel epee thee eae all
the esins hawe pds to copper: Ir feels like
the reentne és eer. Ac this pole, seeal has sece
ond hall'dollar from weve wus placed ar che
curser of the routine. IF in the pocker, casually
place your left hand ince the pocker and firger.

In the coin; Fina coin clip, rearieve it inte
Fe: pa rhe, eh in im (tm

er a Oia in grease if
ou'ne exe 4 ing Enyglared, A

be phe Seana. Les oie Gea aie
ourucioes eulh ube aiteer codes."

Ag you make that acotement, corm the right-
hand pos okt et the fingers. The ents

stack up inhi sides Baoe wp.
Lift the the shell mathe hamb, expo
ing the dollar that waa noed in it (phot

Tee) Charles Justice teaches this de-shell nave
on his (WD), (lower Cains, fn the came accioe,
recite the Marky Aavvien Pew, fire: described
ie ibe igya Ibook Bulleive Coin Tricks, by
cowing the half diellae and (C/S coén no che lett,
jewo the beft hand co join the fieger-palmed half
dollar. The English penny aye ease ah cht fim-
ips, and che shell is beld back by bh
cr Immediarely close the left hasd into a
fie, reeoning the coins wo thar the silver siske oF
the C/S coin is now fae wp.

Wine whit epee ene drop he English
hell ower abe if vou're wenried a ns
coin and shell talking! just shake ibe loose

coins (no your Weft hued, withour changing their
posisiowing tales will aid inthe nesee laver). The
above wesieg action should he complene ax you
fmish making the abowr stanemens, Snap pour
right fingers or make any ather magical gesture
yoayeiah, Then, pon the left hamel to bce thas
all chroe Bagi panics he accsientp reverted
hack oo half dollars as you say, “ft amasiog shar
dant be dosamiplighed! if pou pore your ertinid an ir”

THE RESET PHASE

At the ead of the cficet, secretly reverse the
shell and prey iesere tn abe hand as inthe
beginning af the rearing, shell side agsiner the
fingers. The onder of ube coins inthe left hand
allows foe a quick weser. UF eversching was donc

CHAPTER ERGHTEEN * FRIENDS 40g

coerecely, the aheer codne will be in abe follow-

ing oeder curring with the lowermeds coin of

fer - haifdoliar, G/Scoin tsibver-side up),
alt

Te resct, recht ar anne
porensly drop the coins back ince the ri
tain che ay ft edin of dhe seack lee
half dillae) wish che left shomb srl afbre che
avher pee coled to fall ineo che wight hand and
anno the nested Enghish penny and abel ini right
finger palm. Thisds akin co ail Baker Seal. The
Al Baker Seca! may be found within hit reacine,
The Magkal Filerarion of Four Half Dollars, which
was ee eel peblished im Str. aker's agai
Mogical Ways and Means. The coins are
new in their origmal order, Place bach kandi
inns your packers eo diech all ase coins. ‘You're
all act Sor vous Bent perlonmance oF the nenicine.

FINAL THOUGHTS: ‘Where you have i A full
fledged Wild Goin mesatine with che abiliry
dhe all she coins ch: wt the same time,
done complecely in che hands. The tion
sequence, while relarively seandard hae built in
psychology 10 rrinkoree cmpry hands as well
as cnisuring spoctagor conviction dhat pou hae
only three norrsal half dollars. Each mH fran
Foertatios has abies beer chin fc cn
eare few ibe uemoat cleanliness and allows for

engpry hand ao be share ibaemgglcat.
Finally, ifyou're ker like Bill, pocke
pal ¥ a wotker ‘ibid is x space

can be ar a premium. With

aries you can have all the goime scant pogecher
in the sarc agers Then, you owuld casily get
ibe linta the sooded stenting position as ap-
ccna ihuiph any landing ethos
ever techmiqucs,

S02 RUBENSTEIN COMM MAGIC

TOM GAGNON
Tom hath freen Michigan,

few retired ancl br
ing in Kokomo, Indiana | have known Teen

fince meeting at the Mew York bel Syenpo-
apr bows r ipeabogierd ing waves
bn the wor coin magic, Hishiong bets bros,
Sdeighaly Original in i922. Hie Radical Aebound
coin rourine was published in the Mew Stars of
Magic series. ‘We ward co conreypond by letter
linen age before the Ineennet} during the cight
a = E lived! in fraky co arudy Vereerinary

Ar come poier Tors EO COnenEe on
cards. He is known around che world for his
ec smuny which have beer pubs-
lished in his Too Hot for the | in
gory, and. in his lavest boolr (ar che time of chis
iting), Gagnon Unfilrered. Tom is noc onky
an author, but an amaning illustranoc. He has
Mlustrased books of Vernon, Joonings, Wagner,
Krenzel, Chesheo tka name juse “ few), as well an
baw crn, Wher Wt aalood ef be acilll any comm srull
hidden im bis bag af oricks, Torn didin’s heaitare.
He waa nice enough oo send al one of dhe
ooin rourimes he had planned for bis gras book,

which he wrore wp and illumracd. Apart Fron
some editing co fit the format af thls book. the
rourine presenced is in Tom's words.
SHELL-ACTED

The performer displays a playing card, half
dollar, and a shor glas. Placing the pl card

in the middle of cles , hae er
lays the half dollar on nop a the ena plac-
ea the shot glau cect the coin, The performer
nara Hifks the whet glam, he half dollar removed
ane anagypet et ibe undersicke of the cable,
ho i the half dallar penecraces wp through

the table, rie close-up pad, che pl cand,
and ends up being om mop of the pet cer
the eho glass, This effect, which was inepired
by Beth Kline's requires a uniqgae
sTehytis pines Fy fib sprit iba fan

= Tally-Ho playing <: . Fou RUBE

Fiekena wish the ‘Chane from Teens

book Sei i in the Kausfim:
oe

PREPARATION: Firse, you will mend 2 close-up
ped, a blue-backed deck of Tully-Ho cards feir=
che back design), a shor glass, a Kenmedy hall
dollar, a half-dollar shell choc shows
ae the heed, Pinat copher py dor
Enki pemy on one and as @ Kermedty
half dollar (ails. eide}on che ocher. You will ale
need an Exacta lenife, some nebber comens, and
a amall amount of fing Exsery chork The C5.
coin mat be separsicd, To accomplish chia, prip
the coin with « pair of pliers, heat the coim wntil
the solder becomes liquefied, and chen

aruting in C/S layers with o sharp knshe.

ing: Here, you need co be careful see a burn
yourself, Newt, sand the back of che hhalf-dolllar
thim with emery choch ro remove any residue of
solder: Place che copper shim on ike back: of a
Tally-Ho card, align it with the cance corner of
the card and, using the shim asa oemplare, cur
a circle pacer from the card with che Execoo
keile (787, exposed view), Repeat chis action
ureril rou ner four disks, Diecard the
copper shies Uhing nabber cerneria, phor 2

disk am the back SF the Hae grin
the Tally-Ha ficieg coward. Ghar che
remaining paper disks ome an nop of the orh-
eri, —— a purpose of che
paper disks is co aloer che pl I of the
shell. A wad hail of wks

the mamber of disks, diependi th
ieebertuial Tee

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN © FRIENDS 40a

769

Once comructed you'll have adouble-side shir
that shows asa Kienmedy half dollar on one side
ara! as a Tally-Ho cincle on the ocher, Newt che
hall-dollar with the Tally-He abim so that
Prine ee! emer ge ee ly shows.
Place che half and the ahoe glass impo che
left, cumide coar packer, and che gimmick coin
into che right, ourde cou pocker. Here, you
must be carehl noe am alllerar whe ick coin
toucperane while ir lies in che poo!

et phir rable .. "pe ly sca ee

. fergcordpedbcogary grr es Sand ahi Lig
ot i de nsrarion Hore may encounter diffculry lifting che
sened cher clot nds haf don halle ae foe Taly Ho shi Thi
Place dhe hands. into kets, grip the half’ amoided by moierening
dollar in. left rps, aad ing fr he are second Sapa Dakoes -raCNin he
- a acely wichdierer the gimmick ball' dollar she

the right pocket, cunaally display
both wee of che in, ae place ieanco the pre- _iemesomly over ee Tally Ho shim wah the
chic conser of che card wich ics heads wide Facing ‘gccllrncc’s: berries 2 the: hall clo'ter shell ti:

peed (70a, par eel your left-hand. Ac chis-cime, everythi ing od
Wich whe eight hard, place che moush of she to be above board. Conainue ... Aah
glast over the dhelll Here, using che inside elm alle." Entered your left hand beneath the

5 wwinch che shell for che half
dtd raph cir grata ree allt and wich tel ying ow i
cencered om he curd. As his accion occurs, the halFdollar berwoen the ob ad i
‘your left hand beneath the cable amd de- Bee. "With the righe hand from above, grip, the
pote af dlr on yore Say, "Warch joe aang tl peel pol pa
comma: ed Hen the ke af the glass om che left edge of
Wich the right hawd, remewe che glaks from the che Tally-Ho-shin (772, cransparenc view).
card and, with che bef chum and second fin-

fleas ner a the half dollar againar
renl(7e8, perma rite) Teirasion eave theunderside of hea eh he

the shim lying on che buck ofthe carl with she sinmalraneousl Tiree he Teed Charge
Tally-Ho: cele as with whe shiew rah si lip-of the shoe is conta the left
encirely camoull air Sw card's back pater. edge oF the TallyHio shim, whale shifting, ther

404 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

lass toward che belt uneil ine lip-smaps off the
edge of che shim. Due ro the eadden release of
the downward pressure om the ae abim,

athe might edge of the shim is wpward

ara poward ahi belt (702 expenoad wicw'), aie athe
half’ dollar side of the dicen comes co pear fae-
ing upwarl, Bear in main; he shim flips aver ae
auch a high rate of speed ahar is mowemene ts
impodsibee to denece with whe eve,

ar exeouved in will appear a athe
bal lr ar pase drug table, the
working sunface, amd che playing card undid ir
lies beneath the shoe glass . The sand proceed
the kal dallar as ts uh ayaine the an-
praca nishee og by cover dhe
feeice crlited ducting iid Change.
Innmeddeanely allow % half dollar pe-dkrog: inne
left finger palm are withdraw the left band
from beneath che aable. Ac chis cimse che Tal
lyeMochim (now showing as a balf dollar} emuse
be swinched for the half dellar concealed in che
left bane. Wich he right hamd, neve she shor
lass: imran, eo the lip of the glass slides che
SME cies the chece up! pad hate ie uses
can seoa half dollar benearh che shot glass. The
he hand now tarns the hot glass over as che
Gh ial pide ap i i core eke
Steinch from Modern Coin Magic, and oases the
half deflar inva the she ps ‘Wik the righ:
hae, aluenp che Ihabf f oete the oki
pia eee to ihe wher plows no che be
hand amd pocker ihe shin and the shor glass.

MARC DESOUZA

(fret met Mare at an IBM convention back
in the cightics and since then we have beem
friceds [ was improwed hy his knowledge amd
ahiliay, not jae in close-up magic, bur in oe

waa well, In fect, Mare has wos over
fegiceal, national avd isternzisonal awards, in-
ee winning the Society of American Mags-
atonal Sige magic compotion. rite.
In aggd, Marc come in firse place in abe Chose.
up compecicions for beah whe SAM. and IBM
‘One poet has colook at che concemmsot his books.
and TDs oo neabtee che scope and variery of hie
magical creations,
eo is as genoncut av he is hexrededpeable, Hic
edfered the ase wf bis Magic Theatre
Bre York Goin Magic Seminars, which
asber pertece venue foe at Mare uses his the-
acre to owt magic lectures for he magicians in
bis area. Accending magicians fave the
forcune to view Marc's expensive magic [ebrary
and memorabilia. Mare lives ousside of Phila:
delphia with his wife Willa, his children Eric,
‘Theo, and heir dog Friskee,

CYLINDER AND COINS
FOR THREE FRIENDS

Mare became qnamored with this neo-clas-
sie effect liv Joh Rasuay alicr reading Lewis
Gancen’s deseripeion of Dai Vernon's handling
isly tched te eich rea Tins Cosenct
tnicially helped bir vw the effect by ceaching
Adare fies wm ars, Anoher eed Sonar
York, cughe him his refimensenes eo dhe effeer,
some of which Mare imcorporaned. in his oven
handling:

‘Qhor ime, Mare decided he wanted te sireamn-
lice he rousine, He ant aboot changiey the <f-
foce ser ahae it wuld ase onky choee ooien, In ad-
dinign, he wanted te cmd wich nenmall come om
the ale whea be lated che evlinidler at che ered
‘The final clues were provided by Geel? Lava.
‘Winhan a year, ical came eogethes inte the wer
ston presenced here.

PREPARATION: You wall require a fake coin
wack consheing of three hallawed-our coins of
aathcient sine oe conceal a slice of a wine cork,
‘The stack Mane ics ie a Todd Lawen Magnet-
ie Stack of fivur silees ibllars, For this routine,
Mare reneved oor of ibe middle coin rings eo

create athree-cain sack. You need a Schoolcraft
gOM on Todd Lassen TriplesThrest gimmick
‘This it a magnetic nest of a coin and two shellle
You will mecd a leather evlinder with ar bres
one cap or -cover, The cover will ide mogi-
varion For dropping olf a peinick arn pains
in the coutine, The one Marc usmiwaa maddie by
Thosas Winne and has matching waeden ‘cape
ae beh evel. Yeu wall ake need ghiee maachin
ouina, cwo mracching dices of a wine cork vet
a mage ward, Ch, you also need ewo mugnet
ic hokdoure, one placed inside each near tou
ger pocker. These can be a slimple as 0 couphe
of neoslymlum magnets: oped co a cardboard
soci The serengsh needs co be enough co
bold the nested 3M gimmick securely om abe
eratside of cour comer packers

The seeup has abe akret normal coins an the
hongen, Eestewed bye ane ck dice, che hollow
seack antel che oeher cork alee. Mace che evlinder
eer all of that and place che cap ar cower om cop,
The 902M be onoche cutskle of your Behn mrouscr
pecker, anacked by che mageet wich the: shell
side against che pocker. The wand ison the right
aide of the rable and you ane ready po stare

PERFORMANCE: Take the cap olf the evtinder
red pce iclona the righ jacben packers Lat the
cylinder wish the right hand, squervicyg at the
peone where the wack bogins, scorethy recain-
eng the atack Gard the cark en top oF che seack),
withie ibe evlender, Place che lnaded evlinder
demo the cable 1 vwar fight as yeu peck ep che
coak with che heft hand. Spread che three colins
on the table with wour cigha hand so hag obey
ane soon 10 be separate.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN + FRIENDS 405

Dippy the cork om the cxnerded Ie fingers

Vick up che evlindes (wtih stack and dh
cork alice) with che right bund and place iz em
nop of dhe cork. Hend ineour left fingers agains
the evlinder, squceving it agaimet che base of tle
fingers a thar the stack inside becomes bmmo

bdlized, Place the left thumb on top of che cyl

inder (photo 773) and rurn your left-hand palm
down, allowing the other cork slice oo drop
onan pour right fingers. Aa you call acoenaton
tothe cork, curm the ieh-hand palm up again

Place the cork emra the right side oF the bk,
chen place yon Nef hums bchissd tbs hase of
the eglinder, Lever the eylinder up and all ahe
stack with the belt dh. Tilt it sewaed! ele au
ihictes, showing ir etigey [photo 774). ‘Whe stack
with quale anal is retained in left finger palm.

Pack up che ward with the right hand amd in-
sere it inco che epeming of the oylindor thar bce
just aborr she srack Spin she cylinder om ahe
wand. Re-grip che base of uhe cylimcer wich cher
loft shams aril firs finger (ghete TFS Rome
the veurkl with the righ hand and place at ones
the right side of the cable, Lean theeylinder back
cover the top of the stack. Place your thumb at

S05 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGSC

there of abe cylinder ro help ro pals be over
thar by smack. Pick up che cock wih che sight
fingers and drop St invo- che cylinder. 3

the born of the eytinder with the viele fingers
(imemnobilésing the stack inside) ard lift it reveal-
ing the cork en the Iefe fingers, Place the cork
bend the certer OPARCRIbES themte- cover with
the cylinder (along with insseceet comencal,

Pick up the finer coin and beodd ie fice eo the
audience wich the rips of the right thumb and
first finger. palm poinced upward and reward
the left. Bran th night hand over che belt and
pretend te ddeup the cain ince it, bur inswad
kei ie Fall inco right Singer: palm
aj Varin, {rons Bolas Madom
as first caught in chin book in che remarine,
Top May) Close the lefe band imeo a fist, xa iF

break alishthy, implying the weight
al che cmughr comin. You will mae use his same
move again, bur asa Click Tass

Pick up che epcond coin inthe same way as che
first coi Drop this cain oona the coin already
i + palin peered ta ler it fall
ineo che Deft Panel, ating a Schnk," The sown
reledorces che Wastin ¢hat che coin woe dropped
oneo the firsc coin, supposedly im athe belt hana,
‘Chose your left hand righr after rhe sound, so ne:
one can ese thar your hand is empey, Make sare
thar when you close che hand, int looks ae if ie
weally held reo cole. Chto again, pick ap tbe
last oir, Repeat the action okey with he fine
nwa cooing, wy char the left hand apparenaby balds
all cheese euieré in 2 fist, brat all chece are acteally

in right fenger palin,

Pick ep ihe wand with che right hasd aed make
a mageeal geseure over che ele, Open ie 00 re
veal thac all shree cobs hawe vanished. Mace
the wand once che sable no che right. Lift che
rp ibe base mh the left thumb, first
ard second finger. and place ice che coins
in raghet finger pale. The fads of the belt fingers
helpro proving the fnger-palned coins fad
being acer Cecstune with che left hamd, rcecaling
all he coins now under the cork. Lencer your
right hand tenthe level of dhe sable, Cnee again
grasp che borcom of ahe cylinder wath ate bef
thumb and fingers, squeezing i oy imenebilice
the coins inside, Side the cylinder seed coke off
the tight hand, placing them eno the calle at
the right Qpheto TH) Tide core thar che cole
inside don't “talk” a you place it dram.


‘CHAPTOR LIGHTERS = FRENDS 40T

Pick up che cork wich your right hand. Tarn
to the right no-show ir co the spectators om the
tight, them nam co the belt oo show ft no the
spectators an pour bel. As you curr to ihe belt,
cally drop your kit hand and ecercely decal

the (CM gimmick from ibe magnetic boldour
<n vous Idk rear pucker, holding i ine finger
palin with tise shell viele Eacing ourwaral,

‘Swing back oo your right and drop the cork
ince the ovlinder. Pick up che stack Cand cork
underneath) az hollows: Phase your right humal:
on topoof the sack ar che iis wi supe in
frong. reas down on che stack, which alighale
overs up the eppasice side, Stick pour finger
ips ander ihe stack iphoto 777). Push the sack
fad cork underncach) fire comps the fingers,
gken inne fiesger palm, eork side aneet ahve
fingers Being yaur right kand over to che befr,
which turns upwith fi excemded. The
hack ofthe right hare covers abe eft palin from
shew, so thor alse 72M coin is ner seen om che belt
palm. Pick up each shell with the right thumh
and fire fingertip and spread chem our prward
the fingers. Ir should look like you packed she
eoina up from the table and spread chem ent em
her Jett: Franch

Mace year right chumh unuber ae spread (fine
eet om ety sth Tift the three ppieves a0 thar
they are held in a vertical fan, fees coward che
audience and imert on tep (photo TH). Trans
fer ic re the clps of che chums ond fingers-of
the left hand. Explain shar somevimes the wadi-
ence thinks thar you somehow secrethy dirnop she
coins inne the cylinder, 20 you will seal iy off,
Reach inna your rig packer, leave the stack
(and cork Fan nemowe the cap. Place she
rap onto the toga the cylinder

Wish abe vighk hand, pretend te talc abe oop:
eoie (abe insere) of che Gn. Under che cover of
the righ fingers, paall ir ined the-shell beerscach it
with che belt thumb: Bring the right fingers over
abe cylinder, make a erumbling. eeothen, then
open to reveal che vantd. Once again bring
your right band over no che left, preening co
take che next coin irwert mesced in the shell},
Under the cewer of the right fi ibraw chia
inco the ursderising shell with ibe: loft thumb,
Make = crumbling motion over the eylindes,
sng again the hand eo reveal chat the coin
a va

For che le coin (the fuily-nevied 70M gime
mick), you will perform a varlarion ef che Gibe
son Spider Grip Wamah. Display che coin (shell
aide facing oureard) ar che nips of the left chub:
and First nwo fingers. Pretend eo-take ix with she

ight hana (photo 779). However, ender the
cawer of che righs hand cile the coin are Ie fin-
germs. chow a hit saabar abe rint of the ticat-
od. coin Lines ag with the wide of the cage thine
& {phate THO). ln ihic way the cea ear ge
right ied Nowhere pale, with the righe abind
finger curling areund the rim eo bold abe coin,
Clase che righe Kurd tino a loewe fier, che coon
held in Nowhere-puales position. As soon gs ya
remove the coin, clase fini hana! [evo a fise in
a aupéchoas mancer, ¢ it might be concealing
the coin {phote 7&4). Bring your right hand over
co che cylinder and make crumbling moaions as
before. Facing the audienec, open your hand in
a quick gesrure with your palm po the bef. fine
and second fingers carcrdod eugwand, po aherw
that the ooin bas ener again vanished. The sin
in Nowhere palm ix hi by the curbed shind
Finger endl can’ be seett, A eae afterwards, tern
yeu body slightly co the right, and krwver your
right hand ta he side, Allow che coin ao fall

408 AUBINS TEIN OO6N AAG

Ente fin Ini, thell-side agai che fi ¥
Ave he ee opett your a hand in pad
cure coward the cylinder, a char it is abo clear-
by seem co be ermpey. Lift the cylinder with che
left hard Crucieg chis actsan, socret hy ateeeh the
JOM co the magnetic boldour in che right sear
troneer peocioer, =e thar ie clings no abe carside
of the pocker. Place be cylinder ono che left
side of the cable, then pick up the cock wich che
right hand ait plate letiitg Ind ceneer oF Chev
le Hit the stack af ooina wich sour right hand
aid allen ahern. te apecad on the gable, Al may
now be examined,

FINAL THOUGHTS: ‘This streamlined version has
a nice dlow, and the second appearance of cina
ander che cylinder is a surprice co beah laymen
andl magicians: ‘When Mare decided ro do the
routing with emly three coins, he began po wee
Ketbler’s Ultimate Thee Fly asa prelude, This seco
ugeihe premiic of coins cravelling. Marc-sces ep
with che Kohler gimevick as the mop nie of che
theee rac coon Mace the cork slice inno
VOUE righe tressier at jacket pocket Perham OF.
thew Tern Ftp. Ac che comehusem, inch ate ell
in the pocket ax you remove che cok alice. The
three coins should be spread on the cable, andl
yeu can procoal with the muaine as described

Finally, the use of mageccs as holdiars was Erret
in pring in Argksar Buckley's 948 Principles and
Deecepaicne

ERIC ROUMESTAN
Erie in ore of several magician from Franc
whe have been generous Sr bar conteriboune
to this book. Benn in Monepellier seul raiend in
Mveres, Erbe prew Hide EMER tt
reaching adubhood, Bria Dre 4 teligher,
which iis scill his profession. He began oo culty
magic in 2000. Heeeever, in aang he suffered o
remiblr accident om che job and nearly died.
He woke up from a coma with roml memory
fons, are ie cook vears of hard work co recov:
er, Eric feck chat magic helped no save his life,
ivi him che feeling thas magic is uraly real
erie rill works ac a forefagheer, Inte porlinerms
magic whenever he ca, whegleer asa street per
formes, of at conventions, private partion or fir
comporations. His magic basal om paycholo-
gy and becky Ley pe, sing abe eechmipues of
a pickpecker suck as wich chis nourise sc chat
the specraor docs nos just warch the magic, beat
shares in. che magical momern

Eric has create! a Breap om coin anagic in
france, Numiiesinds, saeended by lovers af colin
maagle fross all over the world. His kee of colin
sugic is evideor in. che following rourime

TOUCH, NO TOUCH

As wamreet porfurmer, Erie needed oo deeckop a
rourire thar could be dome serrounded, with ma
bad angles. He developed this reunine for that
parpesr and has born performing it down in
the tremchow for many years, The iaamphe.
‘Uhice opie openly travel! {rons ike hae of che
magician eo that of che apeceator. Paychologsy,
miidipection, and body language all come te
play. This rearine is written froma leftehanced
poane of view, scvehe reader might need ta re-
vere the hand position if mecesary,

PREPARATION: All vou need co porfarns thie
routing is three coins, Enic uses old English pen-
nécs (Queen Victoria of King Grrerge) wher he
Mania it “warnter” eoins, bur half dollar wher
he wanes to use coins thar feel 2 bir cooler (che
inmrinsic properties of the metal and che our
side temperacure conditions help hies 1 decide
which coins ao usel, Erie docs mor recommend
using dollarsized coins, as they ane big enough
po he felt bya specs,

PERFORMANCE: [Meplay che thro coins im pour
parap les hharel Ask the spoceator eo cell you
ira Tiny CLA ee have, and. ahey should an-
peer thay eheve ate cheee of thers in pour bond
You arc now going to perform lon Rowe's
fhop Vimish, osed asa Chick Pass (and fire
taught in chs book in the reurine, Tipe eat
Hold all cheee coina in leftchand fingerepalm
posirion. Push.one eo che left finger rich the
thumb and doop: in into your night hand. Tush
the second one co your fingertips and prcecned
ta drop ir into your right hand ax wich che fore
ce Pessear. afro Steals uapbralyiak
E im, tenting a “clink”, The sighe
clones a4 iF cough this im wrahost sacs
a bear, push the same goin up to the kel fin-
pertips and ddrog it ieae che right hand, which
rs bo receive il, then Chics again ie looks
like all ukree coins were cansally dropped inca
the right hand, bua ome: remains in lek finger
pale. The owune is dome ara steady pace, with
no hesigarion at che point of the more.

Sak the spectanor ro hold bis righs-hand

ep, with iingers exrended, As pou talk on him,

CHAPTER EMGHTEEN + FRIENDS 20%

demonstrace with your icf hand eo show hint
ihe commer position. Aa you cur your befa-hand,

pie up. transfer che coin ta back palm, as fol-

Lae our chun ao it oul of Finger

vali te the vips of your Tele cecond avd thied
i; +13 iphoto 782) Grasp che edges of the ooin
fay she lps of che firse and Gourch fingers and
remove your thumb (photo 784) Bemd im che
second and bird fingers sx char the cips po be
foe the coin (photo Th Extend your Fen
te the opposing side of ther onin and seraighten
ahem, Open your hand as far as possible, The
coin ia new againar che second andl third
Fiegers anal held agsanet dhems by ghe tips of the
fire ase fawah fingers (phote FES. Wigh rhiw
techsique, fhvored by David Neighteers {anal
ied independently by Eric), rhe coén dees mot
mnowe. The fingers instead move around the cole,
Avalsis podne bork your hand andl his hurd ane

pales up (photo 786).

Turn your left-hand palmulown again, reversing,
the move to bringahe cosn hack enna the tipa of
vour belt ft arul classic palm the coin, Take
bein wernt a moe bin fend pha position rijghs
in froma of you (photo FBT), ‘Whis aciian whos,

vaur hand cemphetely ergy ica caval mar.

410 RUGINSTEDY COIN MAH:

eer, Hold your right arn seraight ous; with the
closed right fist pal atown, Ask the spectapon
ihe can see che eoite i the hand. He will say
thar he caste, Shake cheen ins your hand and ark
ham iF he cen ear ehe coins in the karl, He willl
say thar he ean. Explain thar the pina will eeay-
él, ome at a time, From year hand ia bis enen!
Indicate che path with the left hand by uracing
the journey up your arm, across-your Dedy. and
then to ihe epectaner’s hand. Daring chis accion
ance again cranefer dhe coim vo back palm, and
faniah E placing your handion top of his, fim-
gertipa toaching the base of the first and scoond
lengers (photo TES.

Look at your right hard ancy, “Winch clear
dy". at the same cime celeasing che back-palmed
coin inn hit hand. Because your hard is | ky
vowaching brie, har choles feel the coin. Pocus
your aniention on the r and. Snagt your belt
fegens and open your right band go show the
wen ovine. ‘Take one coin with the left hand aad
bald bob ae che fingertips of the left and righe
ural, showing you anly harer two coins, Have
him leak dawn ak fil, wet chat hee cam sce
the fizse coin,

Tahe boch of your coins with the belt band, Pre-
tend ro cess chem inge che right, bus perform a
Glick Pass co retain one in che left (The Mabiri-
arin (Click Rem or ALOUES Click Pass oak well
here Gime the right econ with
fwo doled, Eecpeng its cole in fingor-palmy past:
fon. Transfer the cain in the left ha pal er
palo and pick up the coin from the spoccatos's
palm, hobding it ag che bele fingersign.

Explain chat vou will now make che second oir
travel Secretly umanster the codn ar che Fingeeeign
to back palm and curn your left-hand pales up
eo thar she co in claecepalm postthon is cen
(the spectator chinks in's che same coin. picked
up from his palm), Gnoe again bring your
palm-up feft hand ewer po che spectanor’s hand.
toaching the base of the First and second Finger
with your left dengertips (phate 789). Hold vour
riphi-kand sralght Out ared palm down ax be-
fore. Remark thar he ean see the enim inthe belt
hana, bur noc the reo in aril Again, focus
all your weencion om she right are

Agk hin co blow on your right hand. As be
bles on your hand, release the back-palmed
coin onto his apen hand, immediately. cumming

(CHAPTER EIGHTEEN + FRIENDS 411

‘your hand over and puring che echer one enna
the center of his oy Make sure you conaine
ue fecge your antencion em che

fed paying stiencion to the actions of your belt
hand, © your right hard bo show ibe bai
cbr. Ale Bim te at his hard, so he can soe
that the second oom has arriurd,

Transfer che coin froen your right hand to your
fedt. Display ic ot che lengertips of your heft hand,
palm facing downward, holding. ir just to che
vide of bis right first finger im peepanaion for
the next move, which | call a Fingertip Ham Fing
Ghien, Pick up ibe geo coins. on che spectapor’s
pall with che righ: hand Hold chim just aleve

is band in a horizontal fan herween che right
ibramnls arul firaz finger (photo 7390) fay, “Wareh
ahear par cotta Matec, beep thon int your bared cote!
blow on thar ane your Left Raseel!*

As you awe this, a Few clings happen peeny
sane time. Turn your rightshamsd

paler down wo place the coins inno hand.
ee ‘hefore che coins hit his hand, drop the coin
ram che ieft hand empo his hand right below
the coins being placed free the right hand (phe
fe 792) In one comtinucus motion, ewing
felt hand uproar ard hold vue bela-hand chesr
igh fingers pomneirig up, an iP eb cet ae weil]
at yerar Fingertips. These property, the addigioe
of the ehiad coiss on ehe ator’s hand willl

toaally wndeteered. Alter he blows on your
fend. pretend ao erenvler the coin payor it
hand and make ir vanéch. Mave him fook ar
palm roses the three coins.

FINAL THOUGHTS: This rourine uses a loc of
misdirection. By keeping ihe focus away from
hist band, rhe coin toads will newer be ween. Bric
load dhe fire and accond coin one che hand

at ibe base af che fret finger, Hie feels thar this
location is leat scnadtive than che palm and ie
harder ew detect. The bar! m cechnicgae chat
Brig: uses in very efficient, tit rather diffieule
Ag analemariwe, hete age own caker techaipine
1 hack palm a colo.

DOWNS TECHNNWE: Thit cechmique dares to
abe time of T, Nelo Downs, and can be found
in his gem book, Modem (Coin Manipulacion
‘Hold the cuin againar the tips of the might sec~
emul and think fiegem with abe chumh, Gray
ake cilpes ef he oun with the firas are Furth
Hinges atl serie your thumb. Wend in the
sconnd and. third fingers eo that che tips touch
the bottwen ef the coin Push che coin so vhae whe
coin firsr roranes po sin an the fiegennails (photo
7821. Continue co exeend the fingers and “open
the hard ae far as oo thar be coin roe
canes po the back oF the hard, Flush agalnog abe
scoand and third fingers, and beld agairer chem
with che sips of the first and fourth fingers.

There an even earlier rcheremer: te this toch—
fuique feos ieee puldlivhenl witb anvorigina-
bor, ia Der *aul dogel Val. 1, Moan, eneicbed,
Dar Verscieinden sine Coldemekes is der Hand

MARLO TECHNIQUE: This technicae was pail
lished try Ed Marko lon his rgq2 book, BalPs-eye
‘Gain Tricks. Hold a coin by presing as excreme
edge against the rip of the righr first finger with
the thumb. Bond iin she scoond, hind, and fourth
fingers (pme86 793), and cxrend chem againer
the eppesige Face of the ooim Grasp the free
alge of ghe coin with the Frmarth fiers andl pratt

412 RUBENSTEIN COIN MAGHE

the eppodice edge wiker the second. finger with
the chundh so chan the coin bs clipped against che
back of ake fingers, held agabner them with che
tips of the first amd foumh finger. Complercly
extend che fingers and aper the band a6 [lar an
possible.

‘The technique for hack palming described in
this temtine has been develixped and urilized

by bush David Neighbors and Eric Kowmeseen.
David recemaly published the ni i in che
Michael Helewer magaciee Elinte (Volume Tor

Laue Two! as che Neighbors Back Palm. Rescanch
has found reference to chit nechmique boith mo
credit co an originavor! in Ron MacMillame
Modem Arc of Colm Manipulation from mic
From this refrenee ir can be suresinel that che
meibad bas been arcurd brut hay gaken a back
scat io the Doma mochrique dwhich sccm ro
he thas maa popular way bo perform ehe move)
The Ukwwrd eechnagee hae heen described in
the Buckley Trifogy, Hugand’s Coin Magic, and
Hobos Modena Cain Sbagie, fe gddiciom po che
Parent am Mach lacy beeoks

BRANDEN WOLF

Heonden is cone of the young stars incoln magic
He is originally: From Cirecrvville, Chin, bur cur-
rencly resides in Columbus, Her starved juggling
ata-younp age, thon weinchod oo magic, Hin fir
beck was kan Hogand's Modern Magic Manu-
al, which he sci kos galley, Hrarulen practienel
all Kinds of magic, bud in alwue sy 4 bo
funuew the scope af his inecrerr to. Th:
manr-sharp focus oncoin magic pane him sone
ahing spectie oo gnaw on, oo exseniine, aed ulti-
macely, the challenge 10 be crearive and develop
ew teclunkques.

He burr on the coin magic socme with his Wolf
DV TF andl has since pas the lecture nearuba
Brand hak appeared is bob abe an Live
amd At the Table serie. Although Heanlen
dhe’ cbs magic full gimme, he ie ated) ashenely
attached ta perlonming. Whether dhar be with
cours, juggling, or-ruling on a unieycke,

DIFFERENTIAL

Three coins ane produced amd change ane at a
dime co cheee copger coins. The effect ie cimple,
beat the mechod is devious, cellecting Hrandon’s
wonderhal syle.

PREPARATIMY: |e oedier tes perheren chat eouti

il neod wo sihece dollars and a muacching
copperfiher {0 coin, Mane char albu
thin renting is teught with dollireaiged coins,
Braseles Feeth shar hall-dolle-sieed eins will
eoek fuse line anal heaves infor che reader vo de
cide. Begin wich the peo neenmal coins in keh
hand finger pales. The C/S coin isan righeshaeed
finger palm, capper-aide Facing ourward.

‘par.


PERFORMANCE: To bepin, explain om yenur audi-
enee that vou needa ein, To Gril it, you only
noel eo look: sremmnid yeu,

Phase ONE:
Three Coin Preduetion

Reach inn the air with your right haexd and
push che C/S-enin co your aps, silversside
showing. Place ic inam che belt berween the
tips of the thumb aed free finger. tou ane exw
eeing to apparencly splic ic ince wo coins, bry
weighing ¢ Ss obin for che ewoceins im
finger pale. Explain: char ome coin iv nice, bus
tear are better, Brimg the hands nogether, backs
af he i toward the audience. Whe backs
al che ehghe fengers emer the backs af she ele
fingers and che right thumb: goes behind che felt
thumb. Mimic be coin with the right
hand. In cealiey, ler che coin ar che wigs oF the
left fengers lean back over the lett i bo
oa con the slike baba thumb {phate 7o4)
is pasision ie nce pa, apPpCArin,

ericmally in Eddie Joseph's iggx book Goln
‘Stoney Magic, and popularized im recent years
hv Branden andi John Born,

Hoots pour fefe fie downward 3 bir ae ihae
WOLIE i dharmly miowes off he left sams 1a
dep the etermosr coin in fh pele (photo
Pull cous of abe Belt bund and display it
arebe cigs of the 1 ight chusnib and second finger.
Ac che same cine push the remaining coin with
the belt chumb ro che sips of the chum and sec
ond finger. ft appears a3 iF one coin vas split
bobo nw (photo 736),

CHAPTER ENGHTEEN © FRIENDS 13

Place che coin Fron the left hand inex che righr

bo hold hoch tia a gwe-ooit fen (The 0/8 onin fe

avill in righ Balance palms). Hold che left-hand
c

lim aps, rs ilsghaly cushed anal poineing iH
Liat the i aa, ahe right Ga pec ra]
and in frone of she left fingers, displaying che
fan of owo opine. Rub che two coins cogether
bowen rour fingers. In ome morion lean your
right hand backward (photo THT), secretly drop

ing the cain from Balance palm ono the Lett

tsileerside upland pall che reo-ooim

fan regains inte a stack iphoto 79) bmencabs-

acely place che mascosn wack ance the left fir-
fen, over dhe CS oan

Cunl your right fi displaving wer hand
as if a coin was hidden in Ramuay Subelery. Pap
the vips of your thumb and fire finger rogecher,
then reach leno che airs grab a speck of dures. Ie
looks bloc you are hiking a coin, bur them carend
pour tight fingons so thar the hand is seer emp-
fy. Tune year right-hand palm up and cose chis
peck of dust ten the air, Pretend ta eateh ie
with your left hard, cheng and ehen aponing fe
toshiw the three cote at the base of the Fingers
(CYS coin is ar the bearoml

404 ABINSTEIN OOOH MAGIC

Phage TWO:
The Color Changes
‘howe the left hand, curning over the chree oolna
as you do a. Open the hand and show shar the
tep-coin dche (2/5 coin has changed co copper.
vee te take it et ot lic bel baat ayes
pa Curtis Kars fal Cy i
Pe apna pblubel inch hing 1984
aac of Apocalypic. Hond ghe fingers so char the
three coins stack up om your pei: Mace your
thamb ender the stack of three coins, fir
on cop, Seceeuhr press the seack apaieas ihe fine
reamed curn it over (photo TH), recuining the
am coin (new on pop) against che Fingers
by the thamb and pecking it up off the stack.
Te bowser bilor yoru are fener agit vO fS)
coin, bur you are really taking one oF che eilver
voir. Mowe pour right hand away from the belt
with ghe coin, The sudicnec soca only ewersilver
Soins on she palm.

Place the coin inmo-yesar sight back pucker. Push
the top coin coward your fingerips wish, your
thumb, which auromarically now lies apalnee thee
bonom coin (photo BOO). Turn your left hand
ower, loving the top-coin fall once che emtended
fi of tbe right hand. Immediately narn it
bak ip and remove the thamb, so that
coins ar nen on che curcnded fingecns of cach
hondl Close ibe heft hand, secretly ruming ewer
the (5 cote. Wave che ovina in oe righe hare
ower the left fist, making sare chat ides of
the coin are seen as.you make che waving mo
thee. Cipen che left Band oo reveal chag che coon
has changed co copper. Pretend to place ic inpo
your tel rear pocker, bur aecrenly cetaies rim belt
Finggr palm, copper-sidke Facing up.

Begin cede coin nall with the ooin in the right
hand, When ff gcia io dhe fourch fing, por
farm Kainoa Hazbonele’s Seepinckane Shure Pa
(abs refereed te ai a Kelling Stoesie Ren) fron
hit geery bso: Cote on Eiige (Comer ake right
hand with che left. Pull che ooim ures dhe right
Fingers wich che foureh fieger, ar the same cime
pushing che C/S onie nie deft first fingensip
wich abe dhamls, silver-side showing a3 in phe
bo BOL (pulll im. push our). te hooks like vou just
cook the codn. olf your Fingers with abe left hand
co display it at your fingertips,

Instead of continuing to rall abe coin on the
Fingers an with dhe Harbovels ove, just dlapliy
the (25 coin, silver-iide vhowing, berween the

Pe val yarat hromb anid fievt finger. Your seceeed

ris cured. [none mocion cater your sec-

finger againse che coin, clipping it berween
theive nd eetnad Fines, rar palm down
iphoto B02). Make an upward testing motion so
that the coin spine in dhe air without mming
and. carch it go chisplay the com with the cop-
Bet ice whoeing (the Spin Chaage), Aeaniicn
reivhes with first twirling abe.coim sremand. hiv
fiswe figger Cie Fidget moe, hem trarcfer-
ring the qotn to bis right hurd ane purring ie
along wish che hidden silver onin) away ro eral.

FINAL THOUGHTS: Each change is unprodicualt:
andl very magical. The bast mea ake a bir
ofa knack oo pom Ie upward in a spinning moe
nice, 1 find i it eavier co perform this move faut a
bit diferencl ip che coin herween the Gn
ett an before yurar haan palm alewn
ve cop of the steer aide of the clipped coin with
the dhamby anal arancter the first finger oo che
osher aide, The coin is now held between che
cipacof the chambs, finer, and second fingers. Ut
con new be cossed up in che air in a apinning
mation with a ber more comme

LAWRENS GODON

Laurens (Godin became innerciced in magic in
gpa, alter secing the magician ar the «f
Banjours, hosved by Jean-Baptisne Thierrde
Victoria Chaplin, He began to anedy sleagist oF
hand, starcieg wich che elawien oF magic such
as the Linkin Rings, the Cups and Balle, and
Cain cranipaualone He qwudks in Eueose anid
ahread at a sarcet peclormes. His experieeme
in Chae Up und Stage Magic allowed him no
work on the renowned French Riviera bor more
than — lin arid felr in bore with a

ial techni call «(Contact fh img.
acer abchactag ibe iPhasion af em
crystal sphere, Although mulcitalenied in
many faccns of magk, Lawrena Condon remaina
a ovén-magic specislia, He is known for the
development af several eximemely visual anal
highly tecknical personal pecbeniqquies hae doe
not requite a gimasich. His work Herne in
a DVD, Moneypulation Vola, where he teaches
his. cechm wing what he calls che Dpraic
Rack Thaonb tales.

(CHAPTER EIGHTEEN + FRIENDS 415

THREE-ALITY

1 eeally [tke chis routine, beraues it abereraen
the eechn thar Lawrens is known how, Ie alen
uses Mike Gallo’s One difiled principle foe coins
(eee nee roucine, Triple May, located eleewhere in
thie: book) which bs. wast onlp: areal fouler, bur
makes the eourine orach cleaner. in easenoe the
rourine isa three-coin | saree and: samnish,
but dhow;rasce seme really nice displays, Iris aloo
very difficult (alibeagh Lavrens makes ir hook
cate), and is order gi perfiren thie routine she
prader anced to be bei fhent in reer, the
Horuda dol end Adusole Fay, in addition. to being
coeorabk: wath the use of back chundh-pales.

PREPARATION: Place we coins ince Dalki
Haradas Narada Hold posision in che left
hand. ‘With the Harada Hold, che coiew are
trapped borne mo fohb oF skin poet bchingd
the ahem, ue the Gide of che writer [pate
809 shows Lawrens holding ake coien in, ches
proper peaiiionh To place opina im chit pudigion,
wectch cua your thumb. ‘Yea will nate ar the
de oF your wrist under ibe feel of che thumb
wea paralbel liguenenes thas eur dereeveund feos
the base of your thumb (with a depaessicm in
berween chem Mace the oolns on cop of these
rwo higamenes, and bend your chumb and hana
backward ar the writ (ibe giving a high five)
This catches and hold the onim borween a foil
of shin an the bese oF pour thumb, aed a fold of
akin or abe aide of your wre, Wath practicg,
ening gan he held im chis pesdtion and she haral
appea bacepiechy empey (reader are urged nis
ieudiy the sends Harada Hedd DVD foe a mone
derailel explanacion om plicement, inchading.
many bess foe is use), Whee approaching a
wable with cwo coins concealed inthis position,
bork bands are an chest bevel, graoping une lapels
of the vest or jacker, a


406 RURIISTEIN COIN MASGIC


PRESENTATION: Keach inso she air with the
right hand anil preeonil ta rake a pacce of dau
ut of he ait with dhe ghombs ferat Finget
Tenn che Eele-haewl palms et peste

place the speck of whit on che oper Belt palm.
{photo BO). ‘Yor are now gosng eo unload a coin
from Huorda Hold ines Papa ie hund. Bring:
your right hand over to che letr oo pick up the
epeck of dus. Place your right thamb on the
palm, fingers going underneath the hand, just
uniler the cems in Harada Hark! (photo B05)

thely selax the grip om abe eoéns in Harada

in order go nelease unhe one eain anew

i base of the righe fingers [photo 806), Mave
eighe hand no che right and upward, fimper
Pinte ching mb the
mgerpy at iP ie held whe speck oF duce (photo
807). Mime transferring the speck of dust vo the
felt hand, berween the ctipsof ibe chum amd
fiese Finges. The left palm is Being catwand, oo

the palm is agen empre.

Seveethy transfer the cain from eaghe Fenger palen
to back dheml-palm using Lawrens's Dynami
Back Thanh Ply eekrigue. ‘To perform, curl
your right fingers and quer your hand pe
‘ihewnward., balancing che coin oer che ripe
secorul finger. derceal yeats Bes fngee eatin che
edge of che coin agaimer che side of thse second
lich Move your themb under che
of the thumb against the
ig i sccomd Finger (phot
be ees lift the cain wih ihe side oF
the chunk (piste B10) and extend the fingers,
Eaeirring the ieee a
hnget ard clipping the cxpremec the cine
lps the He the hard pk 814). ‘the
coin it ee budden behind the hand, clip
ae the base hemween che chusdh and aide of che
hand. Display che hand, fingers podneed up anal
palm tide left and a bir ewrwanl, oo chat the

CHAPTER EMMITEEN « FRIENDS 417

bats cp apap this mower wan

pas fie the take of explanatian, bua
ake onky an inseant fo perhermn,

Produce che coin using Lawrens’s (reer
Producrion from Ack Theonl- Maley Heriefly. genaby
fick igh hand forward while loosersing the
et onthe goin, ail - inset neh —_
fing fiegcrtip as it flies ferwand
tcl fingors just to the side of the right id
the tame tire (phot B19) ws ghar is leoks like
the speek of uheg tered inge dhe ooin ard was
fad che gipeed che sigh Firtygere,

Phase TWO;
Production of the secant Gait

‘The felt hand is palit op,-srill holding one coin
im Harada Held, Perform a Coins with ehe
eon in righe hand, and dee ic drop emt che
hose of che let fingers (photo 213). Prevend
bo cess it back ines che right hand, bur with a
Shurcle-Pass-type action rotate your left-hand

Hn downward. finger palming the coin. The
bor af che marement will propel che enim
aut of Harada Hold geward and inca the right
haze! (photo B24) The ewirch af the eins io
undetectalile. ‘To produce the enim, mach into

408 RUBINSTEIN COIN MuUbGIC

the air with che left hand-and pak the coin

from finger palm te ghe fingertips. Display beak
ooins at the ail sa

Phase THREE:
Production of the third ooin

You ane mow going vo perform Lawrens's Hack
Thumb-Falm Click Drop che coin ar ebe bef
fingertips onto ibe Wht palm, in posiriom for
any gpg pass. Mowe the right band

shine the at the same time craniberring
the goin inge back dheml-palm and closing dhe
harul aa if is held che com (photo B16) Several
things now happen dicmultasecudly, Open the
righe hand as iPdeopping che coun inne che left
hand. Perform s vercical Muscle Pass vith che
coin. in abe left hand so char the coin shoors
upweund, hits che ogin in righ back vhum- pales
(making. =clink), and falls back inno the left
hand. The upward motion of che muscle-passcd
coin will nor he noticed and ony ibe image of
the coir Falling: dawn will eegisees.

Inne ely elvee abe fee beamd, supposedly:
holding cwe colm. Keoreve che coin from
back ehusnbe using a cechné by Bios
MacMillan, Paar Ren MocMillen's Modern
Ant of Colm Manipalacion bey Walt Lees (eggr).
Seart with a coin in back chamb-palm position.
Basheally, bend the wrist forward while relasing
the thumb to alle the coin to fall ance che
cared Emgers. The downward crajeceory of che
arm marks the recavery ef the coi, TPaaks fy Erne
view at ibe lin ftps satel che sight thunyh,
apparencly producing a akird cole: Drege ir
fenmediatcly tere che left hand, hinting che
conn and creating a «clinkos, Chose che eft band
sroand thers iene. fiet_agparencly mow holding
three coin.

In order to show cheee coiem, Lawrena perkorme
a vidual convinedt, axing one of hit hand aia
Topic, Remember thar there ant ewe coins in
the chose eG hand (the sudiene: chinks thar
there are three). Slightly open che belt hand, he
comms af the center oF pour palm, inelaasic-palen
postion, Take she a a coin with she
righs Fingertips and close che keft hand inno a
lowe fise, ies coin held in classic palm. Position
che sight hand above che closed belt hand, while
holding the visible coin on pop of the right
chun, ready vo flick in im the oir [pote LB},
Flip che coin upreerd by flicking she abumb,

As che goin drops, prownd no canch if in the
right hand. In malice, the coin consiemacs oo Fall
‘ee the right hand! and dips the space
petweren the Beli: thramls ated ger. Iphote
BAT) Mader gare chat che Lely and phithess:
dusing chia action, Note char the coin in kei
classic palen should pot incerfere wich che
action, bur make sare (hue the coins don’s clk
when whe second cob itregs inao whe belt hand.
‘Chose the right hand as if it contained rhe coin,

Phase FOUR: Two Coin Vanish

Boah hands will perfonm simulrancous. actions.
You will perform Ryaram Masus Rack Cop
Move with che left hand, a weight which allies
vou to dinctly vacidh a goin been a Ga Chpen
ihe Left hand and fen cut che ewe colina ae the
fimgeedipa, hating whem vertically, ‘The lower
edge of che upgermoar ooits ti held againae the
hwer cuir by the chum (photo B28) By giving,
a lbrick shake forward with che lelt hurd and
relaxing che thumh ac che same cine, you will
came the uppermost coin co fall back dlinecaby
emu che side of’ the chumb in Balance palm
(photo B19). Properly done, this looks like onick
phongraphy: a.coin dematerialines with mo cover
whatsecect | Noge chat Balanor palm osiginally
appeared in the tqqa Bddlic eh book Cain
and Money Magic, ard larieed in recent
rats by bach Jobin Born daad Brandon Wall

An the same tine, ita ibe tigh tiegers amd
open the havd pale: qowand ae specrarors to
shew thar the col bas wanished. Use Lara's
Fingernip Tet! (as rauphe im ais book in che
naan Tirifight Zone Wiki peter Vorgoal po
iuplay the remaining coin arc fc finger
‘theesin in Balance palin rentainahiddews Shit
the coin frm the lef fingertips ao the right
with Kainoa Harbocele’s Fingerrip Macon: Mam,

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN « FRIENDS 4ag

found in his aoog book Coinsopia (arxd based!
om. Curis Kem's Tidalhcinks mone}. For chose
nor famibiar- with Kainoa's wonderful move, you
can use the variation | have described im the

Akagrecnic (oir rousine,

Phase FIVE:
Last Goin Across and Varish

Rewieve the com from Halance palm by using
the MachMillan techniger again, letting the
coin cumble aroused the akamb and into ibe
left hamid Cewer this retrieving emotion by
lifting che right hand na seate ar the viable colt
You ape nave going to suke the cols vanish
from che right hand, magecelly appearing ae
the fingertips of abe left. Lawrens uses David
Williamaon's Rennie Clip Vinisk from che si
Kaufum book, Williamaon's Wonders (bone
that Kaukman bimaelf had already published the
same mene independent of Williamson im abe
eds book, Coinmagicl. in shor, display the coon
berwecn the tips of abe right chu inst, and
second Breese Bond in the uncon fier iphoto
8209 ond 1G che chorwh, oo phat the coin poate
an the aide af che seca fenger (pihedo BIH he
Schneider Snap back rechaiquel, ‘The sleigha ie

420) RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC


performed during a quack up and dome mation
tk vhe hand Simaltaiecwaly peocte she cotn in
the lef; hand.

Secrethy cramafer coin in art hand to
edge grip by carending che fieger, and
i i a ieee Ge con a
ing the oppotie rim againet
second Cee Bie the coin from ehe:-beft: haul
and bold ir using David Roth's Bapetrip (Replay,
from Coinanagic (ntita 822) Pretend ro place
the coin back into the belt hand, beat meh
fetemteen eenish. Lawremn uses the Williemoon
Rseniies (Tip Vocal opain, asleraly sliding. ther
coin underncach che one already in edge grip
(photo B23).

Bodh coins are nowrransferred io Vouhahikiw
Matobe's Murobe paler as follows ‘The second
finger bends ierard unil che edge of the exins
eunsace che ea Exrenad he ei of che seed
finger ever fuseher to coedace the heel af the
thumb, his forces che eobns oug of thstir edge
pesicioe and rotarea dhent so char they can
ped bw che chum in Angle (0) palm
fits By ‘Open che right band far whibe
keeping a steady preaureon che sack wih the
ibamb tphete B25). Us a powerful display of
a flat hand, weed) here a a poem towamd @
closed loft hand (phate B28). Open che befe-hasd
palin up to ahene che rinish of he even.

‘To end the routine, gently bruily che side of
the left Gest finger with the cipa of the right
fi up tothe point where che sack of coms
is almase above che clp- of the third iphone
S27). Curl the fieger arcond! the of the
coins, pacing chen inva Nowhere palm iphete
828). Scparave che hands andi gesture to end,

FINAL THOUGHTS: The mchmiques used |
Lawrern ape fit cane, hae realbe ive pOUE hia
ghar fi aril ey look, Ale abe uae
of hagk chu jm lope back wo ohe mid
iBoo's, usted by JN. Hotieineer in his nourines
land published in ego im both ‘To Melson
Downs’ Moders Cols Manipulaciom, and Ellice
Suanyan’s A New Reverse Fafm jor Vanishing a
Cole in Nowa Vola} Lawnens hae neally
mendornined igs use.

CHAPTER EXVHTEEN * FRIENDS 421

TRI RYUZAKI

Tri Ryamaki wav bor in Viemam and came oo
the USA wich bis family in anrp. Ryu ia his
aeage earse, bated on a character is bis favoe-
ite Japaricss Manga, Gch Nae, A graduate off
the Urriversiny of Economics and Law back in
Vereen, Tis St f freelance webs de.
at _ He ried magic oes Poti evens, Tes
ah tk: DUE. Barn Beform Card ae
Oe Pearhman. Coin magic came Laver. His firs
inspleation for coin magic was David Stone, bur
he studied anyone who did magic chat tached
hin heart. His lowe for coin magic rembted in
founding Coin Magic Journey, an online coin
magic training certter. les vwebsiee, worewoin-

van designed by Tri Cea can fined our
mene abewt ‘Tri and his download Nowhere,
dhe ealled Rerencion, on dis cine)

The routine edtered here isan excellens example
of a very vidual and dramaric enyle. Ali

the moet by themachics ane nocalithecule, ir will
take a lotiok practio: For tbe timing to make che
mown look good. The rp chet prey
volly, happen in che blink of an eve.

SYNCHRONOUS SPELLBOUND
Whee Tri akewed me dhis resting, | was very
imgcsted The tourine is complete with a be-
inning, a middle, ond amend, lacking is many
of tbe Spellbound rourines bei by
the coin workensaf today, The changes ane star-
ding, and there is a wonderful flow co che nae
tine. In enter po describe it bess, 1 brake dora
Tomtine ime sections diewcribing cach move

sequence.

PREPARATION: All vce nceal tex ppeeticrrn shite tera
tine iva silver dodlir, and 4 Paieed Chinese
oie. ‘Tri feels char the dollar-sized col muke
the routine enere viral, Iba of course you con
use ulfdollar-sined coins as well To start, che
Chinese coin is in left hand Nowhere palm, and
the silver coin is in right-hand Newhere palm

PERPORMANCE: Gesture with bork hands, fin-
geri Ging outward, showing that the hands are
serpy. You dre mara poing i penfoerts the Rysest~
AB Dhuir Proclactiont, ‘Wichiut snaking «big geoure,
briskly being ahe right pep fing, and second
diegeni¢ps eogecher at iF they caught a speck of
preach ont feftshand palm down, and meme
taking the speck of duu by briskly pushing the

422 PUMNSTCIN GOIN BAGH

felt chumb, first, and second fingertips regcther
rhe it rok ae aie bas nit ra]
ii i fengers a € ft fingers snags a hem
PDid, cin deplen uel ges
hand polm ape, at the same gimme putting
your right chumb uederneach abe ather coin.
Push it eo che bors fingertip with che chub and
abrupely open. your left Fingers. rs a IF
the dust tramaticaly changed bewo i

Roll che silver coin ewer year right Finger.
When you gette the cmd where abe conn is
clipped eeween the ehind asad fourth. fingers,
graip the cop woth whe hele chumdh aval fire n=

, ad odd at dew che Tele fingers ‘The coin
in left Nowhere palen should not ineenfere with
the ain roll the coin arrives at che clip
berwees he third and feurth bngers, grasp the
op of che coin with che righe chuenls aed first
finger, and pall ghe coin only over she Firse fin
gee. When it gers to che second finger, sop amd
roll it-backward ta the chum

CHANGE ONE

‘This move, called’ che Pup Our Change, was ine
aprired by o move ef Brie Chien From his (Coin
OVER Bring the silver coin under the fiat amd
second fingertips with the thumbs, chen with-
draw abe fingertips po the edge of the coin oo
expose the Face, balancing it on the shumb, Ar
the sane time, bring year [eft ibamb under the
Chinese coin. Being the hands cla gogerher,
Two things sw occur disvultaneausly. Extered
the right firae and second fingers ao hag the
coin is now hidden andemeach them im fine
nat This iv akin oo the Keense! Rerenclon
Variah, described in my Emeyelopedza of Coan
Slenghas OV1), baer done ara nach facer speod
wo that che coin seenas po vanish an che Finger-
tipsh, Ac che same time, push the Chinese coin
pase che left firse fingertip te roach che _
firse imger {phate 620) Pall che right third fin
gn hock which cause the upper edige af ibe
vin: th levee tug: Fron. Riga pal Connie eh
ealpe of che sibecr ooin-with ghe right a parul

ait Gowen wo chae ie is grasped around che etm
ae the ihina fiager in Nowhere palen. Linnieseuli.
ately praip the Chinese coin berween the right
abacml> and fieae finger too chat ue chuzbs amd
fiew fingers of boch hands are om che oole as
in photo 680). Chering chts acclon bork hands

icky corn palm ieveard, so akar the face of
the Chinese opin faces ahe audiemor. Releaer the
left-hand grip om ibe coin


Live ChoodE Latea’s Fingereip Terie (an first: tai

in the reatine, ame TH Cain 3

Venioalon show boib sides of the Chinese coin
(Briefly, curl pour right secomd finger amd chen
exend ie shang the chum wide of the coun,
then release the avamb. ‘This clipe che coin be.
ween the firs and second fingertips. Pace your
thumb on cop of che onin amd, doen, at
the same time moving your firsc dimgeniip 1m che
opposite side of the coin. This nirna the

oer, oye arc mew holding it brewers ahe th
of the chum andl fisie po finger), Mase
Chinese cuts tate Ieft-hand Spellbound. posi
thom, erween ube tips of che el ily sul fest
ewe fingers,

CHANGE TWO

This ch i from Bones che Sexith, performed

on hia fick DWT, Bring-your righs hand eer che
fet and in frond of the Chiticse enim. Bring your
fighe chumb under the oni im Ninatsere palm
wt puch too che ip of the Fret finger. ‘Secretly
ibrogs the (hincee we oriheban Fac ie
gers. Touch che silver coin a0 che position jet
eccupied by the Chinese coin, bur don't leave
re legehors there. rer previ a oeiaeeatl
position and display ins io

( aadionoc. Porferna che Ragen Tiel again. Clip
the coin by che edigr at the hase of the fuer anid
sccomd finger. Place your chum: under the extn
iphoto 834) 2nd fp it en the aie, Catch iv and
ane againelip the ilps of che won at ibe base
aol the ferst aod second se op ap

eal Uf again

umber the coin i rabives koe
alee cightctand | a bit, so
thar the erlineisin a rhc fae ache vole
preparation for che lip.
CHANGE THREE

Peform che Rule Flick Vanink, by Archut, found
en hic DVI NeName, ‘Tuer your iste

down asd push che Chinese enie
raphe fingertips: Laney the fingers the
rr hand. Ac che same cise, withdraw the

chuneb so char the coan falls backward inco

finger palm. Graap the Chinese ooim so that ir is

cli Eee the ipso dhe fad region

ibaa pac yar iabGok atenal
hand a your ami en

ahe coin, Press down, ri ns of the
pian bo the ibe dike wv chee a

bry the thursh em ane side, tip of

CHAPTER ENGHTEEN * FRREWOS 423

ahe Sirus nd ene fi hapten pi lige

ef righa-hanu fm feplace al
erally t Spellbound pasirion.
CHANGE FOUR

Perform the Ellie Stamos move From New
Coin tricks, Found in his mating Florin a Pooy
(nace that ihe nioderis ghusnls palm uaed here is
a bie differene than the ome weed in years pase
by Sanyon. Being » ver Fighe hand awer bo the
left, covering the Chinese coin with the right
fingers, thumb moving, wedermeach, Inseee the
edge of the Chinese coin ines the crovch of che
thumb, Excend-the righe fingers, simulramcously

placing the silver coin inte Spellbound position
anil Crust pelming the Chinese coin. Raise
the ip of che thurs wo ie doce’ moet

againat the side of che right hard and wishdraw
your right hand just enceagh mm che righ: so thar

the diet cote it aser,

(CHANGE FIVE

Perfor Ponaa's variation of my Wie Change,
described as fallow: Mowe the right hand over
Fg igh ser hand, agri
i spread, “Whee dhe fingers are
Pune aie left hana, drop the sibocr coin
viet: et use a they ri, Enatead of waving
poi hand ower the left, release the Chiswese
coin porns a a0 thar the beacons
falls agains: the left fingertips. Inemediar
each che upper side Sih te left thumb. Move
frag Cues ubine anda bic so'the viet of
hard, ro reveal che change.

CHANGE SIX

Snaps ae bognom edge af the Chinese coin
ines che deft fi Fetal cba nest ‘Turn
the right-hand pal a and grasp the upper
with dhe ghee dear anal tips of dhe Peat
and second fingers. ‘The ruips rest an the
edge of the coin. Perform a Ratenion Pass inca
the belt hare, regaining che Chinese coin im ri
finger palm, Immediately open the keith
eceral che change, silver com. on the apen pal
‘Tort the ef Rel palin glows ard pick oe
iilrer coin with the saght thunth and first ‘
ar the game dime euccucing whe: Vernon
coer Pale (as finse taughe in Chapter Boor wishin
che concer of the move, FlipeOeer Churage} eo ee
erty drop the Chinese coin onto che base of thie
left fingers as you reach for ahe silver col.

434 RUBINSTERN OOM MAGEE

THE VANISH

Hold the sikeer coin with the ehsambs uneder-
neath, cips of the feng and second Fin aE
the edge. Perform a Retention Pass ino the left
hued as before, bringing che silver coin inco
fight fenger palm. ‘This cine, however, dom't re-
veal a change. Tarn boch hands palm down and
make a ceumbling mosion with che thumb and
finse finger of och hands. Sieparare chem im a
vanishing: gemure, coins hidden in bach hands
by the Rasuay Sobplery. Turn bork hands palm
apat the sane time, transferring the coingoneo
the palms of cach hand. The fingers poine Xp
wo thar the paless cas’e be ween, bur a

hands pive the impression chat they are empey.
Thirst delet has been: deseribed im ].B. Bau
npg New Coin Magic, under The Fya-
weep Cola, re Prank Garcia.

FINAL THOUGHTS: This routine dilfnrs froma be
other Spelfbound routines in chia book in thas
both hands are conetancly moving in enchro-

y thence abe name), The changes are made
anaes be the abrupe ase acebcna odd
each hanal. In order 1 make the changes vinaal,
ihe tinting necds co be right, and char will make
wactice. The resule ia very deamasic and visual
sequetee of changes.

GIACOMO BERTINI

When I lived in Teale back in che 1430, I cliche
honew Giacomo, bet our pachs crossing, Ay
man by ihe name of Loca I i lied aber i
mations Foor yg first beoxcoke Coiacermnc in hin ceminith,
When [oft Inaty after graduaring as a Veertinas-
lan, | was given 2 farewell party by che Florence
magic Chacamo was there, However, | pe-
ally alder know anything sbour him wantil years
ter, when | get a call one night from Marwey
Feomgitelial, He poled ee adore chile amazing Iral-
jam ooin magician, Giacomo Berrini | wacked
CHaccena's videos and was very Impressed. heps
thinking, “How tir thar oe newer eer?”

David Roch and I'soon left for a joont coin mage
tour, al we met ep with Giscome in Florence,
iraly, Giacomo bived upto bia hype, showing us
gene of hit inmecative qechmigues, Needless eo
tay, ee were beak) wery any We tewired
hin ba ci Erte New York (Coin Mager
Sou aes bewie a big ie this sb book,
seritten anal pulblithed by pephen Mdimch, Gi

acomeo Bertiniy for Amancmene, de-
scribes hit wonderful eechn He appeared
on the cover of the Linking Ring in 2000 and
had Bas own Cew-Slan Doone. fe AON. Do pete
foreing and leciuming, he recenely (Car che chose
of uhis writing) showeated ome of bils slgnavare
roatines on season Sis of Peem and Teller Fool
Us. Giacomo currenaly lives in Ficsole, outside
of Fhonence, Inaly,

COIMMELEON II

In Giacome’s book, there is a wonderhal Spell-
hound sequence, ensished, Coinmelnm. Ciacanue
has concriboted a variate of his Cotemcleon
s Hdl sequence, whieh qrilizes bis fourch
finger techeiques for which be is known.

PREPARATION: All you need bit a copper Tar

in pem-cene peor dwich a hobs in gh cen
rer) and a silver bal dollar, IF you don't have the
Eas African coin, any copper coin that isthe
sinc of a half dollar (ouch a am English perry)
vel le, Te begin, stare with che caine ie
laste palin. of the t heared, “Whee silver cevitt
in ditplayed on the cipa of ahe canceled second,
and fingers of the palmszp fefs hand. Bring
the comple the left, no cower rhe silver
cole (839) Under the cover of rhe right
fund, secretly deposin the copper coin on the
Jef four fmger iphoto B44) Bring your righ:
hand back SE esa the silver coin ome
more time, still oxecring the copper coin which
lice om che tips of ehe fsurth Finger (pede B35),

Ones again cover the goin with yvimet right hand,
hut thin time, the silver eoan inne righe
elaiie pales with che wip of the left second fine
ger (photo 36) Ax soon at the colm is palemed,
gmaep che of che copper coln with rhe side
ed che ahired riphoto 647) and flip che coin
ower and onto che tips of the second and whirl
fingers iphoto B38).

Make a email magical wave over the ooin, then
rap bee ue baat eyrwardli: che tit a
E Ft fi La
hence of che iene GA pera caress
ihe fee oF che o coin (photo B35) as
setae gues igh Mind yo the righ acai
the change of the silver coin oo copper. The
haeed empty, with che silver coin hid-
den in clase palmevia che Malimi Subnbery, This
move can immediately be repeated iF desired.

CHAPTER ENGHTEEM « FIRINDS 494


426 RUBINSTEY COIN MAGES

FINAL THOUGHTS: This iva weexderful change at
ahe vipa oF che fingers, where boeh hands agpear
smieny crepe foe the cean on the aig of the Fin=
gets You are also hele im a grea position to cone
tiuc with Giscome's original Codemeleon se
qeence of ceetinue with your own Spellbound

ETIENNE LORENCEAL

1 had the pleasure of mecting Etienne and bis
lovely wile as rhe cine E proposed tm may: wiht
Karen, in Pari, | brad already knowns Etienne
through his writiegs on the Magic Café, bur we
Gnally had dhe chance te get togeeher and dhame
sini magi,

When | asked Erienme oo cell me o litele some-
thing abour, himself for the book, he sent me
avery impressive resume and biography, Horm
in Paris, he learned magic ar a young age while
rocemcting from meningitin He continued ino
siuidy mage at be grew into sdulehood, becom
leg a very succes! busines Over the
years Ihe haa befriended and scudied with some
the workd’s best magicians, incheding Shydini,
Herh fanew, Derek Dingle, Tommy Wonder,
oe ae and Armando Lucero, just oo name
a few.

Esienna cravele che world for Indinces, apcale
several languages, and has an expecve magle
book and video collection wish areend ya,co0
tithe, He iv alia an surhor, epol ldii

book on ctv eounes, M protien I 2
diana have traliped perma ne

His. approach to sleighr of hand concentranes om
porary CREAT hisown ahs

ueenhance the magical experience ik
audicned, The routine incheded here hav snicil
naw been shard only with Ales Conca, whose
petformanee feedback urengehesed che routine.

FAUSTUS CHAMELEON SKIN PURSE

Eignne haa developed a routing desagmed a be
performed standing a1 a cable, for a group off
people, lt ia rece. “The fie aie sic
oeishen many effects : makleg invisibde
sth visible (banks co the chameleon alin
pouch), producing a coin, producing a second
soln, showing how chey ane becoming invisible

inthe purse, img coins one by one) amd as
a prin a of veina Fim she
bagless passe
Eticeme hus then grear pains eo describe every
sauce and rexos foreach part of the eousine,
However, co fic the formar of chis book | have
teken che iabemy of preathy scaling down the ex-
ararion and patter, ening vou juet the bare
Pethies Eciearnewlllrclease his fall pou
tine as a leg in the hanare, For now, | hope
yeuenjey chip preeenaaien,
PREPARATION: Ln onder co performs chis rourine,
youwill need several inees, listed below:

& One Tango TUG Half dollar (Eri-
enne wurs.a silver walking liberey TLC)
‘This is 2 coin chat with peceure on the
dpe, can fate bike eo cing Place
the TLS inna the right pocket.

2% Two Norm Nichen Cols [ery
ipleote AAO cack wich cheven half dollars
inned eee to one anecher ona pq" cad
rd. The ree rag nie tt
Dreppers ie ine kr e
fefe peschect with ther drogepers hangings cout.

& A purse Frame, readily found az
Heo LRH abofex.

4. A magnetic holdour (consisting of
a I ncodymiam magnet sock on
the skin with a lar band wid), The
holdeot ix arrached ar the criceps bew-
cl, just above the efi elbow amd slighi-
ly eo the inner side of the arm: nateral
the hold aut ends ap- covered by ghe hele
slecwe. This willl allow: ta possibly roll abs
sleeves up and be able to acmporariby
ditch ar sreal coins gutehde the slesve hue
our of che specemtors! whew,

6. Avnioc booting small gilt bow. Wrap
the puree frame in some fe tleroe pa
pd place He hea thr bees Place dn eo
indy che left pockes.

8. Avery lange cranapareed (rat seid)
gables. Th ihe 4 I
Lia side. afdeute Lata

40

PRPGRMANCE: Ebricth: meerure with the rh
hand, casually showing ir oo be Es
“Ther di iscrman myth aboura mar nn ERT,
He ey, ee ee

tinge, he reccingd a puree wehrich: Fe coal fim
sed wealth Gah ous nu sherpa
atampok, ithe. Chew rime, onary a perso act
abour searching foe hea reyabicud purrs, 20 mies eu
! i

Mare both hands ine your pockets. Bring our
i gif bon with yar bef hand, w whibe you grat
nit with your right and bold it in
». Tug on the let dlocer, secretly
tricking the THC coin to the boklout, Transfer
thse Bax ht bared and aik a ween in
our audbence to curtis uy the table and ian-
wrap ie As the bow is opened, explain dhar you
found che remaining heir of Faxaerus and boughe
the begendary purse froen hime at an excrensely
how pebce. However, che bap of whe purse was
mivimp. The beir explained thar as far ax he
kere, the hag had long since been worn aeey,
leaving only the frame. Say, “Been witkour the
bang, marpbe che purer could rill be made to eork”

i the F

Take the purse frame with your lef hand ani
bebng it up. in Frame ol yee cBoen “Le decant
fool tube much nom. Yber weold shinkehae df rhe pareve
fill poeseered ies pou, che hebr-uweall never have
sold dr roome. dr also mscane thar if we succeeded! gee:
fiag tone work poor a feu enone times, we contd be

come rich!”

Tigg at the 1G shoove with che sight hand, sc-
eretly finger palming the TLAC on the holder
i af voter wristwareh. Casually
flach she lela jpalen, which hobds the parce frame,
showing ito be empty at well before heering
your pase conse back vouke audience. Say, “Heil
find our wfunr is posible dn che meer few minures.”

CHAPTER EXRHTEEN = FRIENDS. 437

Bering veut eight band over eo the bele to take
the pure, craeafering the TLC ingo Mike
(ullo's modified finges-palm: posisiom, (av Firat
described in che poutine, Goins 10 Colas), To

into postion, start with che coin in mermal die
ger palm. Pall back the third finger and extend
the spoon: Finger, so char the ble of the coin
wmier the second finger is pushed downward,
while the pant under che third finger is drawn
tepeward, ‘This pam ake coin ince a semi-vertical
penition. When che ap af the ghamb coctacis
the sipeol the second Finger drul the harul is hell
palm soward che nce, the bard. spp:
empay, ated fee likely ro conceal a coin 2s wi

regular Finger pale

Take the pore: frame with the right second
finger and thumb tthe TUG hidden by Gallo’s
mioslified finger palm, ax in photo B44), bring
sot car, azel shake it. Say, “Wothing oo sec,
nothing inide.*

Bring che purse dwn tn froes of yet chew add-
mining wish a amile, “So far, ir dover look ana
good for us, bur som people say char che heir ara
tereng in sinaening che bay en fact becuase he
aoulde’r see ir. You se, fe ie pore e fuse ahe: bag mty
sell] be ern itive purse frame. We fut can’ see it be
couse it warmade winkchamelon whi If so, che bag
ongght still be there, bur camouflaged ao be impinibt.
Ferkapeiee can rear char hrory our roar.”

Show bork hand empey, the TLC lirsert fe
ing upward) hidden in Ceallvs mandi fied Fret
E mand concealed by Iholding af che purse,

ind of like a magic ward, Bereeer the thambs
and middle Finger: Bring che purse frame over
the extended fingers of the palmeup left hand,
showing it empey once again.


428 FURINGTEIN COIN MAGI

a

Rotane the left hand. around abe pune Fame oo
grip its sides beeweers the Ile Ceri eink on
ote aide anal corded enidilie fe
other (photo B42) Tian the bac prin Led
fs nowaed che wudience and bee Po righi
Palos to che left adie tec skeg The ie
fingers extend and. poine oo the belt, che a
ing the edge of thecoin agsinst che first fin=
I Unter die toe of he eens heft han,
Shs the “TRAC bervecen che pane frame and the
ite Gre fi (phete 49) oo chaz ir falls cote
hues of the felt Fingers (phote 844). hake
parsed dscen'e nia ibe frame aa if devepe.
) Open the peonc frame with ahe right Hiepees.

‘Gescune with your right: hand. shewiiag ie on be
ty, then excend the fingers and corn the
righthand ale down. Mace the side of che
frame fst the left hand on cop of the right
frag, second and chind fingers, so that they a
uraber che top: of the frame and aver the cop of
the lei fei: finger. up uental ibe kumckles,. ie-
mie youu eee anc TU Belt in felt Gage
palm, The open frame now mess on
the buck of ofthe ng sh the palm-diren righe
hurd qpheto Bas). ‘Winggle he fngecs Say, fs “Aly
de we gamit see the Lees rocnacee
imagination, we nae ail! find semevhing inside.”

Tum eat vighe-harsd up. Re-grasp the
puree frame ey ine ‘a she a ua

aed firme fi AS you remiowe dhe
frame. alg ade a Fingers, fer che TUG coin
fall ance. the extended right scomnid and third
theggent dphote B46) andl peenee ehe righs hand
wo neveal she cain, This purse frame production
beloegs to. Mike Gallo (alchough Mike wacslly
shes the nacre by bokding the rep of ahve pean
and semoving the ols for elssic palm Ag

CHASTER CHEHTEEM » FAMNDS 429

soon at ihe coin comet awe, rocarc the ir
ef the frase uo the audienoe ap ihe the ble
hand tv seen no bee cenpey,

Trader the coin wo the center of your palm.

Say, "Fu hoping for got, bur a-sifver aie is prewy
good a tell

end che right second and third Fingers inward
fe touch the coin anid curr palm down, looping
the cole in sletate paben, atonal the fiegers asl
satu caagha the coon at vour lengertiqn, placing
the churb agains the fingeraips as Ef te bad she
Ph in place. This at Al Schnesdes's (Lande Vandal)
Sehnekder om Coten Card ac fie taught
- igh book withiey che comiene of uhe eneve bin
Chagrer Three, Reverse Doubte Click Pus). Pre=
vo drop it back ineo the purse. Snap che
Gasp closed with che right fingers and sary, “Cnce
we pur it hack inelde, dt returner to ice inabidse erae™

Remove ott vig Fieger: Fron che Frame anil
snag the Trine 0 iL Rodarte vue lefe-Banal pale
tomard che suadierae: 1 ahew he puree ane the
hand clearly empery. As the audience looks ar che
felt, nurn tse tig handk palo down and maneler
the TUG cols te Fingercip res. Turn your left
hand back and place ix im front of che right 2c
~ feat fm is Facing upward, and che back of
eee again faces che audience. Ari
best ed Rand aver to dhe puree and unl
the fingsas, ddropgring che cots ance the belt fin-
en (photo Ba). ihe Ihewiewtion coerintac
10 aise vour right hand in a quick poner as
har che aodkence cam.see the empey right palin
‘Then userup the pono, Raise ft harull
above the night. "Tur che leftchend palen deren
and che right-tund palm ap. Allow the ein eo
drop through che opening of the frame inbo. che
right hanlqphote B48) 1 «is Tim Feher's Purse
Franc Drop.

Turn the tele hand once again palin ber
hack of the band emwand ihe rabeies Di
Habana the frame aa the sips the
thunk andl frag Finge ‘The wesend, dhind
aad frurch feggerd are cutlad [photo 849) Turn
our right-hand palm dirs and preven 10 coop
the eos inew the purse frame. Insvead, release
the chinh and excend the fi enngers, clipping, the
boreom: edge of the coin ee the he hing wnd
second fingers in fron finger-clip (photo B50)
‘The is foe Pirin Fleich’s Reernrion of Vision Virninh.

430 FAIDONS TEIN COIN MAGIC

You are now pring po aranefer the opie co [Me
Grip ae you the open frame aa fellowes:
Soap right shunts en che barn x
the coin. Alorase it epward and curl che
Gest spo the ol, bell in police.
Press the edge of the coin apainay che aide of the
second finger and release: che chub eo char che
cain is now in |W Gaip. Rocere your belt hand
so char the palm faces righr, side of che hand
facing the audienec [phobe 854) Grarp the right
aide of che frame wirh the right chundh om the
boom, second fingertip at the pop oF che Frame
(pfeoke B52). Adjust the prip of your Tet hand
on the frame oo miraic me ight hand: chun
at the bagnam, sceamd Anger an cop, palm fine «
ing outward, This way bak andi appear co be
completely emxpry,

Release che grip om -cthe frame with che right
bund and bring it im fremr of the Franc. Preis
your right thamb against the Gee af che TC
coin Rocate your right hand! ao chat she palm
tum invard which brings the coin to eke gpk
Push te up weigh ghe (homb ao make ip more vie
ible (photo 853). br looks be you pulled tbe
odin right cue of the frase. Remark ibar some

Find it hurd to believe thar the coin bes
comes invisible when per nao ibe purse. Osher
ademonscration

Clip the 5 ® reof dhe frame with the
fish adh, otiog roe fingers to help ponition
the Frame im abe left hand, Rotate che Iefi hand
anqunad the parse Frame ta pray che left wide be-
aeeern the bef themis croceh ae the Bortoen ord
curled fev Inner an top. Tern veur lefe-homd
palm inward, +6 che claspol che frame & pone an
nop: [photo B54) (ince in place, release your grip
em the Frarse with ube righe fingers.

Hold the coin above che frame wath the right
first finger and thomb, Place che coin inge the
purse frame, woencily isnecrting ip bata IG fine
palm, Chine in pesitiom, rotate che Beft-hendd
palm io the audicnee and isgers ugrerwnd, the
coin hidden by Amery Sobrery (photo BB)
Keep the right chun oh First foge panchead
ingcier,, aa hey ail elif che oie br foods
like the coin became tewiatble as so0n os bt en-
tered the pure: (his bb Nabil Murday's move
frons the Culoural Xchange DV! ue Jane fe
left-hand palm inward again, and
finger-gulened cain with ithe righe th or
firs: Finger. Wirhdraw in from the parc we bt
looks like the oni became visible.


Olfer to nepear, chis time performing Tem Fe-
her's Pinched Rotatios Mier, Hace the eein ino
the pure ance again. As you more bite che
pune frame, hie the free oder oF che coin againat
she palin just under che seven finger, Rogate
beaks hands palma reward the aadienoe, at the
same close kicking the cutn behind che cipe of
the plached right dhumband first fieges, which
hides the coin froes view (photo 856) Lif che
left fmgers sc thar che heft hand i& seen co ber
completely empry. Bioware the hands back to
the original posiion. As you romove che fen-
pera from the prac, wie the lef palm pe kick
the own Isak te the tips oF the righs Chueh anal
Gest fingers.

Choe again, diglay the coe shove che purse
frame at the tips of dhe righe dems and firer
finger. The second, chind and fourth fingers are
carted. Turn your right-hand palm down and
pretend no drop che coan inca che puree Frame.
Instead, omce again perform che Rindilleisch Be-
firition of Vision Vimish, releasing che thumb anil
cstending the second Biioen: etertleg the bat-
seh beet i seit berets the First i ane
anal th in freet-Firy ip position, Tras
fer the rat meager Epes ober ancl ehoae tee
prurse Fraitie, Cinee again barn ibe left palen eo
the aedicner co-chow char ahe nie ie eter again
invlalibke, Roate che lefe-hanid. pales coward the
body wed use ehe right hand co allegedly exp on
the chameleon bag, secrecly dropping the coin
inno left fieger-palen position. Reiserane char
anything placed impo the bag becomes invisible,

Cesta: with the & beard) sbeowiegg it tu Ihe
empay, Chea open the purse Game and reach
inside wih che aie of the right thumb: snd
five ewer Fir Split che TRAC inso rea coins
hy pushing the ienert gaa of che shell wich the

CHAPTOR CIGHTEEN = FRRENDS 452

thumh, and remove if showing the fan of nwo
eons ae che sighs Fingertips. Gently eoesac thse
frmeert around ¢ edge af the shell as ifyontswere
Fublbing the cwo coins one against the other. Say,
“Never ever le noo mint cole nod again ose aa
other unless you kane an uewtienined supply of thers”

Pause showing chat you really kawe new coin,
ies suirn Sertucons it, Say, _ hare
m thoes im nemparimends ie che Panes
sone ine rhe frome pociice_*

Bring the fingers back inno che purse accrecly
dhesing ibe TU Remewe the single coin and
show boch sides. Look into che Spuree” and shake
the open. purse frame reice as if no reposition
the coin in the purse. ‘Then, seemingly mntatis-
fod, use your litte finger asa rine go allegedly
adjust anadher inner poker inside the purse.

Chpenly bold ehe TUG én eighe fingre-palm po-
pel eal di soup the purse cher. i the i
sal] in dhe efit hone, cures che left palms oo dhe a=
dienee. Say, Wn rhe pooker whie one mee rubs, and,
ahaaiks ro the chammetoce akin, ke cure be nericed™

While you show the puree, use Latra’s Fi
ip Threl dae fires wie the rourine, Tuitight
Zone Wild Coin Shea Versiemt co ermphasiee the
amc coin, Turn the befe hand hack so the palm
Feces yen Flip the eam into the right palm
Open the purse with tbe right five fone arull
ihomb, Give a quick glance a4 the coin in your
tight pabm-and performs Al Schneider's Chemie
Vaedih, cuimting veur right-hand pale dove andl
apparently carching the cole at your fmperelps
bur retaining ie in ekgher clarsie palo. Say, “Amat
moe, ie oan pur the osher coda inne che onker pooker,
so they wosir rub."


432 RUHINSTON COGN MAGIC

Arpemenuty Laity this se ipa che
well, and snap che wiih ihe righe

middle fae and i eng Flak d the Pate fo
abe audience. Hand che puree co your specca:
tor, Explain thas new he wed] aecume che role
ed the sneer brite hee
Cicer i pre ere, Have her
bee erwrt hazed wl =

lap somes purse without contrived fant if
As von banter, casmalby stick the TLC back an
the arm baldous.

Turn touthe sudience and show boa pour hands
ey be cosnphorcly cope Ae Jak spectanor

the: puric, me over her
pales. Tell her co reach ica rake our ome
of the coins. As she looks, casually cross your
4 in in right finger . Cine op.
reach ince che puree yourselé, diner TU

to che fimgenips. Touch her pale as yea pro-
ihaoe the enim, oo thar shir feels ie,

Tramfer the coin openly ao che belt hand. Tell
her oo hook for dhe coin im tbe osher pocker.
When the can'c find i, reach into che purse
with wour empey right fingers amd withdrow
thems as if ther were holding anoaher calm. As
you reach Inco che purse, secretly sphir he TLC
coin, poate gia! bear
cwina, cis 1 ar the right fingertips. bt
lasaskes Tike you just took the coun from the ck
areal addled i oo dhe enie yon already had in your
right hand.

Tarn your right hand over and pretend ro place
boch coins inco vour left hamd. “As vou curm over
your right hand, new the TUC insert into che
shell and classic palm ahe nesced coin. Tig on
your left sleeee, eoplacing che TUG an the hold-
our, Wich che coins rene apparcnaly back in che
Rem eh to place them inte the pure.

lett Fingers nbsrwisng that hand
sleeve wai stbie eas

a Tug an che wight

nal tes be einpey: rsa Have her close
Ha peeve ated chow the audigrce thar che coins
are invisibte onwe inside che purse.

Explainothac she coins in the pares bring mane
than wealzh, shey bring beahh ane love, Tug ar
hoch slocves, secaling the TUC: back lana ight
finger palm. Have berapen ibe purse, and rea!

inside nat pag hana, grveschuucinng thse guvire,
Mage inom the palm of ihe speveaior as yer ee

seedly ateal ihe stack of eoina frum the Nichen
Cetin f with ahe bele haved, Hodd gle geack
of ceeding in belt finger palm.

ain thar this fret coin is the coin of love,
Seer ebrcaiel sana eoh in ibe po
fing hes com lin
 iicinen A pedir th
é Inger, ace ie aver mtr ft
ad Tig’ viper "Tike the: dotm Frose-the
ir al bl wpe a sh a
the righe fi cyonar left hand slighsly
and wakdraw a second coun with che right fine
gene: Remark thar chia next coin é for physical
and menial heal. Errop bt onto die TLC coin,
Reach in once again and nemeve «third coin,
which stands for Grae, Again, drop it one she
veher wer enina in the ri hand Finally, say
thar the oaits mean neahing inleas you ales
have wealth, which is be eagin fincrion of dhe
Fatsnas pores,

Hold your hands aver the gobder on the cable,
Shake che Weft hand slightly co jingle che coins,
then extend the bet pb crins Cas-
cade frag ins che right hand and then from the
right hand ante thr pobloy. Pick up the frame
atl act werpriendl [hh ino abe peopbe Fret
in che right, then ue the ffs, As yem nem 10 the
lefi, the second load of coane inte left fen-
palm. Remark thar che Focus Chameleon
ia Puree srill muse have che ability 19 prodace
unlimited wealth. Bur com in happen ver one
more ai a ar the frame on che palm-u
left fee and he hand once again re fi
the coins, (mee again ber che coins caucade: first
from the beft fingers: into the right hand_ and
then fram theo ida fund dona bank
your axistast fir helping and how to acknowl-

voubge abe apepplaiste vou wi ton,

ANAL THOUGHTS: Eaterer pein a for of mileage
jor deli pare: frame and a TUC: coin, As
Lesaid, | fewe deseriiesd only the bare bones af
the routine, Bikes own presencacion is bok
emotional andl theatrical.

Use of che aren magnet aliews you ne chow the
hands clean, Chine might wane fascias mer
ly kenping a ic holdout in the back
pocket, aril place/receecr the colin free abere
aswell, The ene cl" as hiliboests was fares
in pric is Archur Bre! heya i498 Peineaples and
Thece peice.

Stephen Minek has noted whar wie of che purse
frame dares back a¢ heaet eo ry, im che Linke
Johany jones rourine The fretibl: Parse from
the Geoober inwe of The Seven Cinckes, As a
final credit, che lange load from che back woch-
nique ani handling owes a bit eo Johm Bannon
whee choice was apparcntly inflamed by Ren
Beooke,

DANNY GOLDSMITH

I dene know Danny peraacally. Herwever, | had
abe goad fattane Oy tend hits oa Sewial Media
and enjored his great and fresh ideas on con
male With Bis Ellusionise dermekood Silver
smith and the Copeland Coin screaming on-
line package Insighas, Darn shows wi he is
becoming a real force in the coin magic workd
Danny wae pice enough po concribvare this moe
for my book. Whee There saw in, and he cold ne
at was ungimmicked, omy jaw dropped

Dasmy currendly lived im Gokeado and has boon
doing magic For sixteen years ac the thme of this
writing: In sddisios 1 perloemning anal reaching
enupic, be olen eeaches mediraron and Buddhism,

THE FRENETIC CHANGE

This i a vory visual, inerancameous change of
a dodlar-cized Chinese com eo a silver dollar.
There if mo strange linger movement. In is ey
chean andl bosokes ibe magic. The downside iba
i is not easy, however, and will require practice,
Othink the end nevule is. worth it

PREPARATION: You will nec a Scheer dellar amd
adellsr-siced Chinese coin. Yer will need no act
the coins imo proper posighos, although there
ane way BO pet betes AT dunieg a sapuence, a2 ibe

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN « FRIENDS 435

sevibed in che FINAL THOUGHTS sccrion. To pee
neo pesicion, ened che chum backwards ws lif
you were hitchhiking. Mace the Chinese coin
on che tip, balanced on as much of the ball of
the thumb aa your thumb allows (phate B57)
Node ghat semsc peaple cat bond the chun fie-
ther hack chan aches Cohich eakes it caster, an
there is more surface bor the ovis eo lig am}, |
Find thas whe ridge around che hole im the coin
fot ane sildirional friction eo help whe coin

lance it plaice. After you ate more prolsekene,
you will Find charyou cam begin with cither cot
on che chunsh. You are now going 1 place che
silver coin in Frome of abe rim od the Chines:
coin, balding its face againer hoch thse rim amd
the thamb with the aide of the right fire finger
(phobe B58). 1 will cake uence practi: to fined
the right position, lt istasier to hokl the alvcr
coin straight up ifyes can position the Chinese
oxin as Ger hack on the chunvh as possible F
alae properly, the aehver

Chinese coin hidden beh Tiphoto B59) The
second, third amd fourch. Finger polne up, sochat
the bund iy seen oo be complenely ompry except

for che cols berweer che hums and first Finger.


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN * FRENDS 435

PERFORMANCE: Display che coin (aor oo your
audience ax in phota Bi), Gipen jour lefechend
arf under the silver onin. Lower pour right

nd co the open left, liming wap the sibeer coin
with the belt wriet When you are alboat eheee
inches above the back of the write (photo B60),

ieveval ibang will occur ty nach simuleanc-
coly, Preaend oo alrop che evin amen the open
Sele pales. fin realivy, vas are ta make a
Cheap Dann forward of your ight hand,
poe the alver coin ono your left am

indi whe welts (photo Si). Imenediane-
Ras your hand a bicforwank and press your
right fiz finger again: che Chines: coin (phos
862). Neae thar che Chincic coin is held by che
thuneh and fing fmper in che exact ponigion an
wheres held dhe sibecr coin. Make wane thar che
coir dost clink again cach ocher as pou per-
farmithivdiep. twill ake practice eo maki sure
thet the valeer cote hies he arm ancl stays there.
‘The suparal meiuuce af the arm will bel. As
you perform the move, quickly close and open
your left fr rs ta. provi ne cover for
‘the change B63). Poase so chan ic regivecns
char the coin has changed in the blenk of an eye.

Finish the mcwe thy curing yaar right-hand
pales ae eltes the (Chinen: anin ante vos
eft palm, in posichos for clawie palming phe
coon iphoto B64). Pretend eo toes if aneo the otk
ev har, bat in realiry, ectaics icin clase palin
enkd coss dhe silver ewin from year kA arm craw

your right palin te fieich (photo 855).

FINAL THOUGHTS: This met an eave move. I
pack me a while to. ger che knack of Boldin,
bach ooina togewber. Pansy can do the mone
vhowing cither coin co starg, bast af pou wand ne
wart -with che Chines coin exposed, be careful
thar che tim af the sideer coin decen'e cidhe up:
ard be seen chrough the Bele

Some people might have didhouley in dropping
the cohn én the aren winkowt it moving. Dan-
ay rocommends iF peodied, a wanch or sificome
wristhand (ike che eype giver owt For premo-
Hoan ar companied io help prevent Hi :
fren feawiing,

Jaked Danaw if he can use chis move within
the concest of a Spellbound epee File
hold che Chinese coin berween the cip of the
thumb and side of the finat Linger, The sver
coin sramcain belt finger palm. When
semecute the morn, grasp the upper edger of che
i Jr the Beis Rate with the tiieub, aid
theother Fingers iphoia B56). Bring your
tek hard in Renter ike the right, a che same time
curing the right hand and balascieg rhe (hi-
Ae Coan On cipal pour thunsh (photo S67),
‘Griap the borom edge of | the silver onin, edd
ing i in from of the Chinese coin as vou did
in posicloning the cooing in the smarting posicion
iphoto 868). Remove che left chumb and meee
the lett hand co ehe left, revealing the change
iphoto S69). You can now perform the Freneric
(Change ax-written

Finally, the idea al heading 3 euin on the aria te
ea new, be a ppears in |. Bohos Modern Cain

onl sander The New Ene Gein Geo by Jim=

Faloe, There bea reference po a Wiese Pale
Hi rhe nee Downs Hilliard book, The Arc of
Magic, where a coin it held by che orist, wedged
Iherwwen the borcom of the hand and the skin ot
abe opposice side of the wrisg (areal said oo be aw
faeorite of T, Nelson Deena) One might alas
want po check out Tristan Mory's anon Metal
Eclipec (V1), for heriber sige and informnarion
Aga dimal credit, W you take 2 bok fn Chapoer
Fear under my move, Spelled oyy5, pou will
notice & similaciny of hiding ome coin Iehinal
the other while holding thea with the firer fii
ger and thumb.

428 RUBNSTEUN COIN Magic

LEONARD RANGEL

Leonard is a.com magician free Caracas, Vene~
aoc. He got his etart in maghe after being chal
fenged. co learn by anochor magician Leonard
began focusing on coin magic alter sceing a per
formance by Aurelio Mariano of Etaly: amd mow
docs buh ooits eapic and picnealiam. | mash
tescher by crude, Leonard offen perhorms may
leat eorporate evence is his home eoumnry. Al-
though Leonard Rangel has net verhad che op-
porcunicy bo perform in whe Unlbed Starnes, he is
well ingen in Sourh America. He has lecnared
bo magicians not only im Veneeuela, bur in such
countries at Argensina, Panama, Eouador, Meru,
Cohumbaa, and Garazan

lauded here 1s a macdlifod wersion
of Poel Harris's Free Fljghe, Greem:the spt book
Peal Haris Reve seme of his meng leiimate
Secrets, Leoeurd hac vereambined che routine by
wring ooly chree coins ond chamged che handling
mprove the Flow, |r isa welcome addition co
his book,

THREE FLIGHT

Three coins anc prmkueed from a cand Once by
em they travel back no the card, the far one in-
seead:sprpcariiog wader the hand ofa spectator,

PREPARATION: All vou eed ao perfor this
elfece is a card, chee half dollars, and a sod
surface such as-4 elose-tip paul ‘Ibe way | would
begin chis effece be co have ele three half dollars
in your righ packer no begin. Follow a cand crick
by removing ore cant from the deck. Ir can ei-
ther be a card chowen by your specrapor, a cand
used ina pricr cffver, or the Ace of Spades for
any cand you repectall, Mace the tearof che
devk antaryenr right pocket and secretly classic
palm ike theee 4. You anc nin poady oo be-
pinche elfcct

PERFOMANCE: Display the cant at che fiegers
ofube palre-up right hol The coins eke
sic palm are hidden by wsing the Malini Suites
rp. Transfer the cand.oo che bette hand andl par
item athe close-up pad fee up ar che ceneer
of che upper clge of che pad, Jong edge of che
catd:ialldl oo she long Gaka tthe pad. You
are now pomg ta perfiern Dan Flevhman’s Rell-
ooet Hat Iodlne (bus-wich dbree coins), Fre
bpp book, Coin Miracles toga can ales frad ig aa
Rollo Producnian on Dan's Restaurang Magic
Vol. DYE),


Secretly drop one coin co fingertip mos. Place
jour Fira finger ac the cenoer of che apper kong
‘edge of che card, and your thamby at che bageons
(ptets S709 Lever opr thee card w the farsa fens

abe nist ele ited Fieger oo che
wurlace of your pod. your chumbs wp 10 che
pop of the are to meet the first finger and com
over the cand, bering the coin slkde olf the Finger-
tipsand onto the close-up pad tpheia 87). Cov
or the coin with abe card at pou cur it ecer, Ts

the audience, you just named a cand Faee aiewn
Pau, dhen begin the prodkction spaces,

Gurl your sqgond ard chind fengers,al nig the
nese coin [rons classic paler ongo ibe fingercips
fphote 872). Left the caps al che card wish
che First finger and chuedh, revealing whe coin,
Tar ees the cand as wih the first load, ercrerly
loading ther second coin under the card (phote

BT: I the third coin no fingertip ness, load
rite u che cand (photo 674) acyor meperaa
a sipans crm produce the chind egin. Lemar

ix fingers bsefore cach rarnover tocenpha-

este bepealigele magical namnicet.

Vou are now to perfowen a. slighe warlarion
‘of Juan Tarsariz’s Click Past (ealled Fyping Cllok
a Fe rs} his 1969 book piaahiamorion Sgr

arently pucting three coins into
your ranges he Rick wp the trax coin ame nous
ibaneo che extended fmgere nf ghe palm-up belt
hand. Pick ap che socond enim and tora it aneo-

the finecain, Aw pou pick up cheabind ooim, tam
the belt hard inward and pach be uppernioar
eaie oo che fi hake chimsh. Chase ae
abe tery rips, puish le alineeely inte «fasckie palin

‘This be Duvid Roch’: cechnigae for elsecke palm
ing one cokn Fron preeap. Toomask this move=
menr, give the third coin a emall coax ince the
air and canch i er che base of your righe fingers,
Witha flying Shustle-Pase-nypeo movers, tam
your right-hand palm dowmeard as if wise wore
hare ech inte rau bef: hare, but retain
it brit, At che same time, func sot
left is mm upeame ler che ceinag che finger

Gl one thee clamie-palmed coin, creating
“clink” (photo B78), lienediasehy close che lelt
ham’ as iP it conexined all ares coins,

CHAPTER EMOHTEEN + FRIENDS 437

Gurl che right fingers, cramdooring the coin oo

fi ip rest. Place your right firsr fi at ibe
aero ibe i oFthe tae: arel
cyour thunsh ae iret love hoitem, Lover up che card
with che first Finger, gliding eour chumnby up the
cant co niger ie at the top, Exrenal che second
and third finger fad woie uniderneach) under
the card amd eclease the chuewh, clipping she
carl berween the first and second fingers (photo
876). Tranafer your chumb wo che cop of theeard
and place che ard ona the cencer ef the table,

S38 BUMINSTERN COON MAG

along with rhe cain (photo ETT) Move thar thie
in a aleght varucion of Al Schnetcder's Tirinl Load
firs his tatg book, Al Sechnesder on Coins.

Teas the rao come inno che right hand, closing
around them so that the wadionce can't perceive:
the amount ofpoins in the hazel. Remon cox af”
ihe coins prio the ahsamls bee winks the bel

hand, and display itn che paler before closi
the band around fina haase fine (Leonard wi
seenctiong cake artic dur ol the Fight hand, then
change hit mind ane pur ie back an co remewve 0
differens-coan. By doing 5, ie implies char there
ave emuiltipde coans in che fiseh

You will perform ‘Geolf Lana's Uinewir Hon
Ping Chien (described in che rie Kaudman
book, Golwmagic, and with much ppreater de-
~s the gary Minch{Holths book, ‘The hang
‘} in ike act ofa paneer placing raw
colon frocs the right as vento tbe rable Hohl
the left hae int a Recs bie, turned! pamvially upe
ward with the side of dhe fourth finger «!
ie the table. Secretly cramer the coin po a poe
stdon ander the thérd:and founda Fingereip. By
relating your fork finger and meving po
left, the coin will drop our of che hand andl onco
the table.

Acthe same time, open your righ an bore
the coin apainar the rips-of che second and a id

fingers, and slap ic.down onco the table ewer the
coin just released fom the inh (photo SPB Ir
shoul look like the right hand pan down mwa
ovina, the third isin shocked ket Bt Notcihat
there are na jerky or fae moverscnes during this
action. Imnadianhy: poe po che def Fat aed
then te ihe cared, remarking chas his cain it pe
Eng eo uravel. Minsie placing a coin. ineo the right
hand Make crumbling morons chen open your
hand. po show thar che coin hus vanished. Tum
ower the card po reveal che comin undersea, lear
ing it on the table for up and below the just

cad coin, emg edigr of the card parallel 1a
the hong edge of the chome-agp pad.

Perform David Rogh’s Dege Mele Tenkad Pacis,
from Kaufman's 1984 Expert Coin Technique:
Display beaks coins on the open palms af cack
hand, in clisee-palm pecsrion. Tarn che oi
hand ewer, closing whe hand and classic paim-
ing ine coin, and grasp the colin on che fete pale
with the rips of the right thamb and fines fin-
gec. Withour lifting che coin, drag i wp oo che
ripe of che fers tataeead fingers (photo B73),
amul curn iover. Tarn the Ioft-band pale dren,
stat che same action with the

to apparenily
oon ight In ealsty, place your left
hu the cain ad che fingertips a you cur

aver yout hand, pushing it te the tips af che First
finger aed closing the other hangers bane a fist
Ac ibe came rime, open yor fe hand palm
up, fingers poirming toward che hiding che
coin in right classic palm wish che Afalini Sai
tery, Place the coin from the let hand once the
vighe palm and drag it up co che right fingertips
im abe game action chat was just alone: in the lef
hand (phete B20) bt looks Fike you are dinplay-
ing a coin in cach hand, bur yora are abereing

the ein foes she eft hand! ewice: Turn che coin
aver ax belvee when you reach che sips of che
Fingers, end move yorar belt hand os che lett, sup-

posedily holding « cain.

Tam over your right hand and place the coin a
the fr aps onao the cable no the right. Herd
in the fingers, secretly eranvfcoring the sensain-
ing coin co ngerrip mee. Pick e the cand wieh
the right first fieger and chumtlh, secretly exe
scuting the vartarionof Al Sebmeider’s Teil iad,
loading che coin underneath the card. Mace the
dard over the firse enim char croveled, iski.
care mor po chick agabnet the coin being loaded
hdinske: placing the: con froon abe left inca che
Tight hand. then open ir co show shar che coin
has vaniched. Turn over the cand with abe 1
hand co reveal the second onin, leaving it face
up coche righe of abe pwn coin, again wath rhe
long edge of che cand parallel na she kang edlge of!
the close-aap pad

Explain char che fase coi will cravel a bir die
ferenaby. Pick up che remaining coin with che
right hand. Perform o false oransfer inns pour

hand base your fayeripel., Drop the coin eo
right fingertip rear ax belore, 1k ick ap the
card, hoading. the coin vaulecaesth: Place: ithe
left side of che card uncer the runs ciatble entire
dphete B84) and eheecl chem over eo che lett
Explain that you won't cron touch che cole
Aaa the spectager to cower the ree coins with
hia hard. As he ihoes, pall owt the cand so char
the euis hides undereaik che card ales ends
up ander his hard (hiv te the Mud Marris load
froma Pree Plagkr). Make che lise coin vanish and
have him lift his hand po tevea! che appearance
val the third codn.

CHAPTOA CIGHTEEN = Fine 420

DOUG BREWER

Aa with come ofthe ocker connnilugors, | gor te
know Doug when he acceprcd our bnviuacion to
be apuesr athe New York Coin Magic Seminar.
had kere of Doug's excellenc coin work, for
a kong time, from his books and DVDs (euch a
The Uncspected Visitor, Coin Bax Killers, Rood
Ligha, Penguim Live), Whar 1 cide: knarm, wan
how affable and finery Chiug Brewer is at a por
eon. His poremalaty in reflected in all bis woth.

hailt from Kartas, camsidke Topeka, cha a
child, hie Grher would take him oo Halleck’
Magic Shop om Saturdays, where be coli
hang our and bearn ibe craft. His firur show, at
age chon, carned him = whopping ce bollar
(Qwhich didn’t quite pay fer the laspe candy pro
diction ae the end, ot Fig sbsorw!. Undaues he
eongivaed go performs wencil college, when magic
iw a becksear to his srudies,

Tinee passed, amd Doug married the bcausiful
Rebecca. They moved eo Lon Angelos in pic
Noe close eo The Magic Caacle, Toug grec
again iloer hack ini: magic, By good fortune
Doug, te migee Juhemy ace Palmer atul eur.
wire iis tie become hie teacher. Since thers,
Thoaag has performed at the Castle, wom che
py Sociery of American Magicians Closeup
competizion, aml when he be not working us 3
civil engineer, he performs pare chime ar clubs
and venue: doing sandup anal scaling magic.
Doug cunrencly Eives in Ai Baw Arca with’ Pie-
becca and their daughter Lindsey twho at the
time of this wriring is areenaling grad schol ine
reaching).

LEFT-HANDED COINS IN A BOX

< foo real warld

PREPARATION: [in center


CHAPTER CIGHTEEM = FRIENDS

ngers, leavin
lett Fi

pul
eft hand ar the base
nm ac the k

time, eo the rig
pete the right. Pek
¢ hell

overlap co

ako overlap co ahe igh
heir syrecaal,

fet hand opens 1 9
BCT Uas,

441

442 RLRBINSTIOIN COON MAGIC

Phase THREE:
Thing Gain in Spectator's Hara

This phase

a op ube en

haved, Leaving 1
calm [Photo 550,

Min the specracar’s
be in

(Proto BGO). Chenaly sy

awn bree 1

Fhe specearor can never open their band qo show

the chied kefr-
peared with the

has mv aterivestly ap

Phase FOUR:
Fourth Gain, Test Comaitions

Take back the chree coans held by the spectator
and place chem on che performing surface ie am
ag eprcad oo che belt. Place tive
elhed gains hekl ac the left Fingertip:

sacs fry ale eckges with th
thomb and fingers lice the stack
base of the exrended fingers alt
Bick up che abell w

be felt hand aeou
there ore

rons lehe
chreeh,

natn enn ac fe gone! Aen

A he econ.”

peplace che Vid
a ie by Frank

mg the coin frown the Be,
mite Ceoober m7 isa od Apecalypee, ¢-
ikke Bow Segurnce erroneously
a bus corneceed. ina lane
ef imac af apocalypecd, Imecrt the box so char
sawn om the

give che bow a couple
card ling
Horo the |
of the bow

ch onin, (Pteta. 534) Ae jr memene thee
reghiecrs with: your
left hand and allow the &
the man. Truly four left-handed exina!

TER EIGHTEEN = FRIENDS 443


244 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

Phase FIVE: Clean-up
Place the bow becom: oneo the tabhe New lift
che Hid dene! shell wnchermewth) fren whe

en aed ple Fs eee ROR,

four coins can be

(rah, doe’e do in = Pc Coles! 5 one!
placed dit ince: the boo. Side the lid om
the boa and pepe eae apni a “nad
bop coin, roecviing you Trae Place
the box back into ike Goshman puric and you
are good mu pol

i a very routine co perform. br im-
cocpomsces | conditions
for each ending with the Final vanish in
the box. ipeplewokangt wy te moe

ena im thar the

hoes hare) te SS ai eal tin
sore Ineupects, thie i corteet, bug if we look oe
ip tn the eentest of “bese” che per
tourer an the third bea a

my rset ohne
Vollame One, The Beaks of Wonder, The Family
Three, pg. 222)

‘The Bret coin goroas eer che ist (they ane
lefichandod voinal The cond coen f vol

pea rene ‘The third coin happen is ape
ike aes a ‘The Fosarth coin wan-
peng irr dampliheasion of the

siete the beginning of chis rou-
doione Finad “gilding the lily" ama
Sy eeecaty nce he Ga

prea res papacy he ringers {or coat
pode whch kana at the cri of che routine

He hawe a reason to go back to pour
eS ae the feurine, place a
Goshman paerac in the same pecker with

sopra ra hall dollars. Ag che end
of the rourine, place che coins ino the box, ancl
plies ty vet the shell. Open che box
Ome macre cine 1s the four onins insiche.

standard Turnover Move on jour left

eda replace che lid on che now inverted
bone LIE: che bon Froen dhe bef hana andl calsbe ie,
a a a
Pain, As yeu po eo your left packer

poe Goahenae paric, leave che coina in che
pockse (if you place a sille handkerchief te che
ume pocker ir will cakian the nolac), Have o

epectaror held the coin purer in their left hand
~ you can pinch the betroe of ther vo-hold
ribet gr eerny drm You can
now vanish che coins the box aia finale
with alll Four coana appearing in the purse.

Feel free co ory chia ending. Boug, bowever,
chinks ir isa bit: overkill and ummecessary: Winh-
our it you efffl have a great routine thas reece

JOHN CAREY

thls Samba eee

ubire, me cn whee incerested in
magh ar ten, Ww
him a book

wus manly
‘einbe the local bil
could on magic, inc!
nificent ’

ranean Ea aheps in Lon-
dan. Every Saru wat "Nagi Day", at he
wok che ceain bene flee aan
pimsayrs liner pebari. emma oy Friendtilsipa
‘were formed with orb repulcing on
py days! John pene many years woekcing.

ria prey brn clot

[-time profession, It ins decision he haw
arena

Se, why a a card guy ins ogi bake? Because he
ala ot pete teaet Fans sou mig
an welll he offered his roustne co me, |

snapped ie wp. Ue is a mice bir no perhorm
pbs biniep anasto. bs

SIMPLEX POSITIVE NEGATIVE

Max Maven's coin prediction, Positive

feos bia Vides Micke DVDr i hannied ober

of close-up mengaliem using the theme of immag-

inary coins, Johm has bad mccees with i, bor

eons tosate einer dchel up emarusmasien
cor het fra peer

" i can get len winee Aa
cur we cis wich sal coias8

“tale tal mehr bit off Expaivecyae.

PREPARATION: Needed co thin reacting
area peony, amickel, anda dire.
Moce chat at the cine of than aig yu cath
purchase this cesin thy Sass, 04! it

made.

icra: ba he FINAL THOUGHTS section, us-

img ooins chet are eatier co fd at
These are the only coins in your

play le Pe ae of paper that any,
ding will Lane pr

PERFORMANCE: Bring ou the coins and the

piece of | Hand the to 8 Spectacor
He comb cect tit tone heer
thle. Say, 4

wach cher caine a
@ niche, amd a dime, te ney al foot bei
worth one and Fee cont nespectionly, Dieckn
ao be “add coin, hile the dime, weoreh an come, fs
comidemd ae “cuen™ ocin. Wir don’ nocd! all of eheor
nbn, so sheM J pale oar phe pelle ew che ever?

a

say eke out even, remove the Pralpeagt narra
a t, asking him nc ig
Pea ml reg the ocher cua coane
away. This Exqpaieoger in sineple and officsent,

Ack the persan wath ehe dime op
iopehic niludehcinchcents dettaten teen
che ewble. eli land om beads east
Se ahead panicipans to open:
read bt our loud and conclude che

rea and go
ete _o

cn ee Os aT
(it doesn'c have vo be un Eisenhower or
dollar. You cam wee insvead 0 Susan B.
ny dollar}, and a quarter. In this case the doflar
and half dollar are the *even™ coima, while the
quareer is the “odd” cain, You would jusr need oo

reverse che patnrr, apr itis Berber pe
‘The quareer wou deable-feadked coon
fl pina dealers). E Vilar his
selection beesiase there desire eo examine

ag there would be eo examine che och=
er reo.coins iF gwen oo semenee oo hold

CHAPTER ESGHTEEN + FRIENDS £55

edd coing, ale pe pales
with chia selection of eoima), In chia case the

radar be oo ‘on beeh
sides. Because the coin i not as welll

Fal ye wre performing « rourine thay
hi ish und ome
ee erve an Ting} peney, a

pas ely and silver coir {as
2 double-Praded
cain to be hed by the
dealers). Sorter ae have the
ietion snd che gael fall dollar im pour left
packer, After a routine ii perhormed these
coins, give chem out for cxeminacion
the coins examined at the beginning of chis rou
peayguat gir aac ail ant

Re act Gale them in a snack im
Tis gp amigas is againer che
—- Sata cebcaht Bass poe eee

sip ene fe qeftccmntzend
wpofiwnde

Explain char you made o predicriom Tule it
back with che beft hand (secrecly leaving che
galfed coin on cop of rhe stack} and give ir oo
a specmnor. Place the epper chree coms oni
rhe Wee perce aesiar er Finger

shen spon ign comnd ery, you
cen diech the real half dedlar at the eartee time,

MIGUEL ANGEL GEA

Magee! ia one of Spain'a enp coin workers Hie
bras leerused alll aver the world
and, Peter jae a Na caine

bye pat ac oe Ile stabs dee
meanor The rostine included wefleces whee

446 RUGIRSTEDN COIN Mant

has never been published before. Threcicodns are
caren and reproduced from various pares of the
face. It can fe done sand up without a cable
anal it pairanterd eo clicit reactions From your
ipectatera 1 cagecially lve’ the devieur Chek
Pos used in ibe routine. bp alkene ix worth the
price of adesisson.

COIN MUNCH

(PREPARATION: All thur qou need oo perform
this effect ie three halF dedlars. Thisetlece can be
pedormed amwhere aed ar any cime.

PERFORMANCE: Hak) the chroc half dollars an
a vertical fan in your left hand (phate &95). ‘The
appermose cudin ix berkl bre the chumih amid Fiore
‘pos, The lever fisE doe faces the audience arvl
is held by the sevond finger, Bering, vent right
hard ever co the fan of chive cole andl precered
woke the cop coin of the fam ‘When e

fingers cover the coin, pull it back behied he
eaber neo with che left chomb (phete S46). This
i GoodF Larra’s Pull Back Simic. In the book The
Long Goodbye, there ts a reference thar Grull
Jama came op wigh chis move hack in rgzt. Ie
ean pur ines prine with a epedit oo Lata by
Josey Lin Swict im his lechare notes Ver Anocher
Application al Thar Principle, in aoor

Withdiave your night hurd po che right eappos
edly holding che cols. Put your right fingers
Inco your meoath as if you ape cacing the coin
Chew a few times and ewalhow: The audience
secs only. tencoins remaining in the belt hana

Bring your right hand wore to dhe roo-cois fan.
Aa soon on ibe quam are covered bv the rij

«, cocteely cre the boeteen gets af the ba
tienes belt ft palm ond remove the con char
was hidden behimd che ockers (photo 687). You
new fave godin in che right hand, amd ome on
digplay in che felt hand (which also conceals a
coin in Emger palm). Hodd ibor visible coins be-
pween the ripe of the thamband fire wo fingers.

‘Your ane pewwe pevirige tx poform a woewdorful mew
ian, calbead aie Mick Clack (ik Pa, Hed she
coan in the night hard in (rong of the right side
of tke coin inthe belt hand {photo 63a). Beak
coins face ahe audience. Tarn your right-hand
palm downward ae the write, aed your left-hand
palm upward (photo 889) Take care nor co re~


pet

weal the coin im finger palm. ‘The edges ol” che
cedns sorike cack oiber ing this acchon, make
ing a ‘cliek®. You are new going vo reverse che
action. Tarn the sighohant pata upward and
the left pales downward, nly acriking che
edges ofthe coins agai. This timer, howewer, in
socad of linking rhe of she enina together,
sou will drop che coin bom ghe right band one
the ain irs belt finger pakm during the reverse
meecmnce (paete 900) The scand of the ols
Gilling onep dhe Gingee-palimedd ooin tt the same
sound made by the edges af the coins clinking
agains, cach aches, ‘There is_no hesizathon be-
mween the forward amd hackeward moxerment.
As soon as you Fit the edges nogechor, covers
the moversenc withour a pause, Tie esoeement
in each direction looks the same, alibeeagh che
action js different. ‘You ane befi-with ne ents be
the right hand alchough because of che elie, it

Ik ot sppporrerg,

Imenediarely put your ti fingers inte wour
mauih and pecrend 1 car che colm. As betore,
chew, and awl Show pour a a
ty as you take pour fingers cae of your mur

There is now only one coin visible ar the ripioF
oa

your left fingers (dhe ochor ea are in loft

Ira), Tadoe the onim with your rgist-firigery and
bheplait atthe Fingers ol of pour pallm-ap right
here, Hold ig eth van Edbamls behind che
cain, fires and second fingertips pressing against
the berm odpe of the enim (photo Sd). Pre=
tom as place iii Goin Ente Your Mmourh. Once
in your mouth extend year first und second
fingers se tt looks Tike you gee che coin, bur ir
remains behind che fingers (ibis ix exscnrially
the righe hand accion of ube Kien Kecnzel Rewn-
clon Jt tas caughe in Volume. Ohne of the agds
Enevelopedia of Coin Sheights DVT) series, bat

CHAPTER-ENGHTEEN + FRIENDS 447

without the ace of punting
poalge hand). Wichdraw: your th

the codr into the ape
13, chew, oral
vwallow. ‘Tranifer che coin co righ Ginger pal.

You are now going po produce the coins from
different parte anion. foe. Reach into-your
left ear. Push the ouwrermast coin from: finger
palm wo the cigs ob abe fn aril withdraw
syst barred, ai iP rou [pane ie J ikar quan our of
the car —_ gure that a i tie naiag when
vou push the-coin bovis Ey cig. Bring, vera
Hehe heed ip eo your bik Push ie fine
prepalmed coin co dhe rips of your fingers and
pretend go cake ir our of your neseril

To produce the last coin, bring pour left band
up co your chim, back oF she fingers Facing your
vadience. Much che coin our of tieger palm with
your chum amd preset it against the skin just
behind the chin bone, Ciralt che aleim with yout
left fingers and pull igawver che coi, Preteeed po.
squecer the Last evin out of your shin, lowing it
abop orbs vue palen-iap right hand to eral.

448 AUBINSTEDN COON MAG

FINAL THOUGHTS: This ix che kind of rourinr
that looks boch gross and fuemy at the same
time, This can callty bs he transformed to a hase
ere ot tere tap ele
' ikem uur face appeal
ps agri her raed se the same. Au:
ter you preter eo cae che first coin, you hang
nhs the alr. Aber the ik Clack Ce Ps yo
oC an cpCy anot again aan

co hang the secemd.coim im che air, For the third
coin, you cam juetdoa Revntion Mass ince your
ragha hand or perform ibe CPS mere, Alter
the pass pei eect the opin onen the fin-
jee-pelmed wack and hang the third cain.

Finallly, che Cthel Clack Click Pass ls a very. clever
mawe, with lors of porsibilinkes,

BILL WISCH

Bill Wiech isa full-time performer, inmavabor,
ame aleight-of-hand: artist from the New York/
Mew [erecy Tricbtare anca, He to oul
with Tory Slydini in rgyy and int amy ats
dent ever xathorieed co lecusre Sirdiné’s magic
ont his behalf, Cluer che years peacaieally ec
mage periodical kas featured at least owe Bill
Wich accick, 4 Sern ae column. In mbher
of ray at che request of Dal Vernon, Bill Larson
publithed a special “One Nan Issuc* of Genii
Magazine. char dee oo che unique concent anal
inngeative phooographic cxptanations, became
ene of the many requested brack-isiance ie cher hiss
tonye-of abe magazine,

GAS) has since Vaspinhaed aeeate wf shows fie
parclcs, thins ard corporacion:
and bes at convencions and clubs all over
the Unired Stacet amd Canada, including several
appearances ax a performer and lecourer an the
amd Magic (asthe. He is ome. of che eal Mas-
tore. Ie is 2 oral bane go have his contrilastion

for this book,

THE ELBOW SERVANTE

Bill had shis peblished in MOULML hack in March
of 198g tunder the tile of Ant Arm Sersanie Tooke
tigeee ~ Vanish ane! Appearance) Ibue had dewel-
oped iti abe late gos when he was aclapming
wort athe Shadins wne-coin Madered bo standup
Ie ls & gee! ww bide a coin for ane -oaher
amall object} inthe crease of the elbow aed i
very deceptive. brseems oo have been forgnccen

and mitcredited over cime, and fam ecsrache

— Bill has gi ven Tie lowes int this
oe il Bills Keerute n =.

LOADING THE ELBOW CREASE

‘Rill has several methods, Hold a coin inher

hand. Preeesad oo ir irae the left hand

feria & is rbgha anger palm. Roh, the let fa
on wour rlehe elbow, curr yeast: body: a thar
theviae elbow vurna your audience, Ar
the same cime, bring your right hand over che
crease of the feft elbow, and leave che cain im che
fold, gripping it firmly berawen che bicep andi
the forearm. Tarn back co your audience. Open
begh hartds ane show thers to be empry. The
coin gemaina hidden in ibe crook of pur arm,
which remains slightly beat te hold ir in place:
Noce chat in sddishes eo chia eecthanl, ya ear
ad the same posicios by pulling Back che

dleeve or waving your right handover che
left and deposiring irl lefr elbow,
RECOVERY

‘Crows the arms again. This nme che right hand
is held im irises
tele bp unto aru tener: img
Ths tiene, hinwrver, ack
the elbow a1 pe teaches 1 eae
elbern bo epparenely ck aa adorn (een the
body. He suite bo Hann wise Isle es chat che eighe
elbcew oa again fees vrwand your audience
ark bs esis the coin falls inne the

ae tieeeh deikea Lhe hen bok
asa the from, uncresing che omms. Open
the keft hand to-ahorw al roe has appeared
as-yet. Close it inte a Fst and the onin inge
ithe Bef bared Enon abe: righr tthe Fingertip Load
from Chapoer Tae works very welll here, Open
athe eft bared 1 reveal che ens:

FRA TA Aw Bill pointes eur, chee iaamby:

icarton. ‘The technique cam be sed cu

lesed deepen cul haben inthe crease of the

ne uncil needed. Becouse the coin cam be

iden until needed, ia is much mere

eit ee the arming vechmiques char have
been publithed in nécene years.

JAY WANG.

Joy hails from China. He was born in heajing
and began doing magic in aonq. He traveled
ibrough France performing ba magic with

a stb troup, but oe he eas began
i © urate solely an ow gc. ow now
lives in Shenahen, where be weelks wih a magic

company dalled TOC He creased a new division
within che compaew io provide coin pals, pro
duced by Jae, called Artisan Gola He abso works
veich his wile Shi Shi who isan acrorney, in run-
ning am Intennec media site in Chima called Ren
ren Magic, In addition pa prowling, news aed ar

they helps magicians i prosect

in China

Ohne | hecame aware of Jay's work and emooch
bundling of coins, Pimmediarely aaked him For
a rourin: hor the book: Me generously provided
the reaiine you see here. br bean interesting and
welll: constracced, fxar-coin production uring a
pores, Ir ie well worth yorar snad,

PURSE-ONAL COIN PRODUCTION
Although Jay makes his own gaffed coins ana

has some wanderhal rouines wich then, | ape-
cifically askiod hit fer th

sleight of hand

ah, srl che prucc fa vied Ir ar

PREPARATIONS: bn order co pertorm chis ratine,
you will peed fowr ball doWars and @ Cost

“up pad is helpful
ng tae falshc, hae maw 0g be
is cervered with a talileckogh

CMFTER EMMITEON = FRIENDS 449

the rable anid wee charas-pour performing surlace

i) pares Ta. pour fl
sh amd

right wishe Hick bry ah
to 902). The chur
frame, Heing your pal
eo che Deft co cakes thee purse. As your right hand
approaches the left, prees down on che mop of
the peree with che lee churns, elevaaing ehe bow

foes iphoto $08) (rasp che elevated pare F nde
parte with the righe shams aed firse finger, ae
the same rime salenale dropping one coin car of
clasic palm omeo the cxncndod felt lingers (phe
fe BG4, The Vereon Changeover Reba), Noor thar
Fac bae peabeeentees itig the oir Fre
dlsaic palm wee at a time you ee teach the
chs with the cpa of
fingers and slide it our of clawic palm
GH eno the left fngereige You kave pond
rape berween the side of the puree and back
of the righa hand, so chis coin is nor seen. Hand
the purse our for examination, ac the same time
concealing the just loaded ooin in keti-hand fin-
gee palm. Take back che puree with the right
and carn veur hand palm deen oo place the


@50 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

«over the
iaper-paleredl cuba, chisp cing abe belt fourch
finger (photo 905),

pub embo the extended belt fi

Explain char chere is w coin inskde, bur it ix in-
nie ies raya apeeeprn
with ¢ i armel, cl i . t
ard open she o with qhe eight digger, Tarn
the epening towand che audience, om chat ghey
easiact char che pene ie empey (photp 808) The
coin behind ike purer eae'c be seen because ic is
bidden by che top of the open frame. As pou show
the tnside of the purse, curl che right hiegers and
drop a classic-palmed coin vo Fingertip rest.

Mretond an in ar ape peed ard
coin, scorethy ene al ein fron @
right Fingertips inna the ures, Mace the in-
visible conn at abe upper right ourier af your
thoeening, satfecr, aekl days che purse cheedl,
pe yawar right chusvh againer che bidden coin,
fingers is front of che purse. Tuer your right
hand palm down oo place the purse and che
coin underneach) on che censer of ube ralshe,
clasp facing yoru
Pick up the invisible coin with eour right fn-
ey andl probertal ter drops at ine the left dew che
eli hand seen to be eempey), Clee che left
hand around this. invisible coin, and perioens
the Liiemme A toad, to load ene coin
fron elasae-palm, position im your 6 hand
inte your tele Briclly. AUEr you let ee im
down and mb the back of the hand ik the
right secomd and uhird Fingertips, Withoor re-
moving he right fingertips, cure che deft fier
palm up. Ac che point where she space berwecen
the left thumbs and fret fier artives undicr che
coin in righ chase pal, allow the wipers
elagsic-palmed qsin te Fall inew che kele ehh
the chush: hole. Goninue oo orate bach hands

im epaarad, continaing ao rub ihe hack of
the hard wich whe right tingers (che reason for
keeping your fingers on the left band, Make
wane that the remaining colm in clase palm

cant be seen (Noee char it might be a bir eat
tor no hide the clade coin by subasi-
nating tbe Fingsrip from Ghapecr Two of

ibis hook for ghe [homme Marque Load With
ibe Fingertip Load, che cusermost clade palmed

wains dp secretly ea ff fie meet, Dhuircag the
aeiken OF nebbing she back of che bele band, abe
eoin dreps ineo che thumb hole from the sips
ofthe right Gngers, and the classicepalined. coon

seas hidden hoon view. Orpen your Jeb hand no
nga mete has — errs cha
up with che right Finger: and pur chix meal coin
werte ther table na ghee righe.

ek ap che eoie veidh vir ef hand in
your ee beak pei — petri
ip Rierenchors Pas tones vous Del. Rabie year
ft hand 1 blow on it, prowedinge enisdereccion
bo secretly curr the right-hand palen down ard
place the coin fron the righe hand.on vop-of the
parte, Blew on pour hand then oper it po show
tise te coin droga ey Met ta
or theca rani ir goce te the puree,
Point down gathe purse so ibry can see the enim
being on FOP.
Pick ap che eokn with che ribet hand and plage
the coun just in row aval oo Be left of the purse
far ebour the cen o'clock position oo che purse).
Moc amd a Bir the coin with your right
loading che classkc-palmed! colin ome e
pop of che purse. Mawe cour left hand apeard no
alraw aptencion to ig, ac you pack apthe coin with
your right hand. Protond ao drop ic ines pour bet
ut perform Richart Hiseher’s Niels Vinsal Ko
aenition (Coin Varies Clercretn as: dhe: Aoedher iedal,
fire prblished is iggi in the Harvey Reacnthal
reatine Cif and Quaerer frees The Mlllbearers

Hiewiew Wael, a | hise-Up Felia et Push he Bis
to che eips of your chum and first rain
touch pour OT nee fourth fimger to she h

extending if outward ¢photo 907) le is nin
lov che bedt fingers andicanis be seen. Ler che coin
up over the righe first 1, Gfling coward the
Let paben. The coin hits the sinke ofthe fimrth fie-
prasie falls iphoto S08} sel tc Breteler ineo che
right hand clipped berween the Fourth and third
finger as che tk Finger renacts (pease SO)
Hlow on the hand and once again oper if cockeve
that the coin has-vanisheel Poin down oo show
thar it again went back on cop the parse, Nove
ihet ini vankih chat vctatnd’a obi in the Hight
feanad will work five this seupuctce.

Pick up the coin and ciisplay it ac the base of he
Fingers of pour palm-ap tele hard, At the etme
Hite, dur your rigkehand palm down, fingers
cured. mm yous left ie panecnrentiety ce
disting che coin in ther act at Boor itigg ite
Boel shorile Pier dan Get raughe Miike reufoe:
Ties Coie Mone}, As pour left hand runs down
ward, swing your right-hand palm up ander the
left to spparently catch the esi at the finger-
ae ae qinecinent ad ui ch hazed allows
ned coin co fall ome che righe Hhegers.
ter jstely place your right aha!
aml move 6 right, pushing: the
Fingertips. More ibar somsecimes the coin is not
clipped by che fingers ac the excreme edge after
the vanish, As euch, ir tll he hander fie phe coon
bo fall asut af ite cligppes! position. fe mary helps ba.
pres the free edge of che ool agadnor thet bee! oF
the hand the chind Finger ne facibiranc bring-
ing the ce the Fingers. This would be done
juse before expcuging che Shairbe Pass.

(Gescure- with the coin so char che palm Faces op-
ward, Ask how many ooinaaze in the hard. “They
all say chat there i one Rersark shat yeu said
coine, met coin, Keach over to the coin in che
right hand, Push the coin te che bef: fingonipps
swith dhe chundh ard mvc Fach te ghee bet, aos ir
secre that the second coin came cast of he first
coin. Vou new have a coin displayed ar che fen-

tips oF cach hand. You anc rene pe cue per
fom 4 Delayed Retention CTiek Pav Uieelf a varie
dchom of che Pal Morr (link Past from Hobos
Modern Coin Magicl, ax Follows. Plaor the emis
from the right iano ibe belt aa if you were gong
wo perlonm a Retention Pasa. When le teaches
abe Jett palm drop che colm oro it From the bef
fingonips, creating a*clink™ (pote $20). tmme-
distely camplene ie pass, evabing the onim back
inte the hatul, “Ve ehe siulsenee, i ieee
abat be a ane eva br the heft hawed,

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN + FRIENDS 451

452 RUBENSTEIN COIN MuMiad

Ak how eeiny codne doe pou Baeve seve “They
me teapaesd He pas a es oles, ts
conte che tips, ond oemark chet you
Ie and cains actual one
cond inthe bef end renaby cwice, Howev-
or, on the eecomd cap the eain in the lef
hand and 1G your right at OF it scill coneained
the onie is save allel ee he ee
ik Seems irs dary Poh
bogh coina in the deft hand co. your fi

hohding thers is a fen. Wave chem over c
hand, thea open lao show chee che coin
vanished. Say chat it has gone back co che parse.
Leck down, and act mu reat po soe the
coin. Then smile amd say
an pop af che purse, ip mut be at the borrom.
Tarn over che pura with your right band ta re-
veal ger coin underneath and place the puree oo
the right of your rable, tows che coin in froer
of the purse and place the ocher rw onto che
table fe a rer,

Aude here many coins are on che cable. They
should arewer thar there ave three coins. Explain:
char chere ave really four coins, but thee fourth ba
tovvisible, Mick ic up from the cable em hand i
wlan noth peter escceanfe

wi eat CI
gra kick os de pare Heecn mpl oe L
neat taridier ees De hits pee nae
elaxp and slowly cums it ower oo show the orb
er tide), buc his ciswe inside the purse, Shrwhy
open leo reveal dhe fase coin inside che purse
Faker it our on end.

resin, shew You get sre sand. ry pees
romatine, you pet tea day poincs
eat chat ceoe a com is in dhe purse and a sec
ond coan is unaber che parc, pou can wary the
Testing aa you desing 1 produce che reeaainingg,
nwo coin Ardhe poise where rhe chree coins
are placed in a Se ea adds o
sequesce by David Rea called The
janice Arg alhres-araoale dra, “wd
Cobn Maghe. Those laneresced In cxcending che
roaring might wane te kook thar up.

Karen Dorangrichia in not a world-famous ia-
pician. She has noe performed at che Magic Cas
dle, aed she has mor lecrured all over the weld,
reent om her car

fe fetus wir dock
scricusly For 'r

hore, Karen is my wife, She be che of my
epe, and ghe Fruie-of the Loom. A ahe
may not be the bor ap sleight of hand, she is

third ec I
delicious thing yoa will find In this book.

WOW MAGIC CHICKEN

By includimg this im che book { am chanel
my bes: Frank Garcia. Ie is said char im
book chere should be ar tease one hidden gem.
‘This i it. Linkorrumarely, | was out of diamonds
‘ter, tye dog ate my wiles wendiling
ring. | cold her nor to becauie noe we
have a diamond ie thse rulf, Bast again, | digrens.
Ubope you will Find! chit ax magical as | de.

(PREPARATION: in order co perform this miracle.
you will need seweral inemee: A large, casz-iron
killer, reo Ibe. of boneless chicken thighs, sak
ard » liter oil, ceo chewes of garlic, 1
cup imac vinegar, Ce brown
eager, tow tablespoons of finely me
Se ae aD wusaed. Non
one ioe
i ie che kitchen aed prepare che following
aoaning recipe, baied onan idea of Rachel Ray,
bur with a more sucamlined handling and um-
published presencarion. This rougine hes nos ap
peared in print or om any DWE.

CHAPTION (IGHTEEM + FRIENDS 459

Rent od po a cas-iron ae heap Meath he Nad pie viet
it wid en tablespoons ive wil a spread Wher
wg sk the chicken, Cook che cic ul ey trowned bbrwwned and cooked! chomuigh, which ks
ean fee bo Fear avinuees per aide. Tramefer the toa plane and por no the side while you
prepare the satiate,

Go back co che skillet and redeice hear a bic, Add the remaining ane tablespoon af olive abl, harming
ft in che skiller once. Add che and stir ancil aromatic, which takes abour ans minuec, Adel che
viriogar, re raner tale ee it's rechaged and thickened

abic abamet ome miruoe, Sei i gba rrinagare,

ye Veitch pcre adr cee toca ti rene aa takes aboot cove moe imi
use ber a bit kenge if por st 's hually comoed 1. You mighe also wane eo-cook up some rice
ormaihed poraeoes, Gaparagus ino side} co sorer along with che chicken BF

don't friars other, you might just bo cong the chicken mm get bo the onher
TEL Kaveh wl often serve amnice salad ex an appetiecr or at am additional aide.

(Oh, one more thing. You might just plan om deing a magpe crtck, inser. [so, behiee yenr pacers
arrive and before you begin 00 a Hegthioe fe muke come feel You will
need che folowing incms: Four marching Chinese ovine shar ace the sine of hall wo matching,
half dollars, ewe maschi ptr. air thece small coin exwelopes measuring axa”. The cain
eneelopes are pala, rt dhoough Asuzen ron the Internet. [Ff they den'c have an adhesive fap
faome da, aed some dest), you well need small whine adhesive stickers or poet a ermal! piece of cello
phane eochoae abe cence Although noc necessary, as a subche addition you cari make an iden
tieal marke each of che half dolore and on each of che peemics be scratch or a an you did fir the
Bene Colm Aowrine), which makes cach coin scem urique. Ge care thar dhe alates ancl ition march,

dryer rr yaa weet tac sepa Pace chem inte your belt packer along

with one half dollar. Place am ish wnat Piet clos, The eomcieh three coins ane
under the center of cach of the ¢ iene: pecs tier ine oil coe pom and hare the
F dalle: ureer hia plate, Goow Tew cam sin across from wou for berween the ogher and haw
the English penny hi plc sod Guoer Ter vince toe righ of Gon The wth Chinese coin

under the dinner place. You meed no remember which coin is under which plate. You should be all sex
POU pucses arrive.

Daphne sting ri cid abr gabe nips Ark ey eo enjoyn, bocau

chin bs WOU ‘Chicker). Alter the coreenation dies down, make ir kmeren 2 Fron sieaniving
From an i book.an enim may meas eee De, Miettinen ieees ee eae
cats pustoowad wearer his served, Warm chem wp if needed, wich some of dhe prune From
Section Three, If iamcorte docen's sak you to perherm che erick, jet come right out amd do ix. ‘This it
pete ec bapa Arndt ag haope ge icp Meta
ae you id For di touting, Comrion Freciriy ‘buc wichour che use of che chips for predictions. The
ples here ts 2 Coder ro Inypensille: Lecarkan

Reach in lef fh Im the halFdollar, and 6 he abr Explain thaw
Inca onoope tea Hot eens lk te eorlpetomele as re ene Spin
pacronp a dm lle fcr aaa lt
po ghee a Free choice of

faa deat pen henge gringdacr cop pure un vonage pn Sartre atte
Wher he does, aay, “That ontenty he crocdope | wood heer chosen _had I now chore onc of ee other mo.”

Offer to leg him change his mind. Once he finally deckles on an ene!
hand. Ac che same aime, boll che nog of the Peregahetleni ay vob do i ser

Tore PU! fe chird fi inward @ bir no make a Het the bape Fc half dolln mute
this dcige ena ever She was ie yaar wth the inal, which wedged bersom odpe on the inter-

454 AUGINSTEIN COON MAGIC

seccion berecen che sides of the second and chind fingersand creaves o eewers the coin and farae

wo Fingers. insert che envelope inco chie spece beeween che first and secoed fi and
the ci Pah che dams toned cad wpb the Back’ uf the ca'vcdorpe, preaidng all agate che cece
Sj te ak pn toga ban it under the flap, lifting and. nonning it over
ao the ocher ide, Ag you open che smeclope, acronis dc the hall dolls vo dee canner of cha back off
ar i arte a righe hana no be then ceaeh Inge che errve! with
Scere fee ead fecee lena ie airy ath berg teh
itn ae it fuse t wi
ands ihrer aah oe ceripy baci

tr hooks lille:

ska lr acntgly ub meh cee hal
Give chin to Gurr One no hold Take the envelope with hand and it ines ri

santa ig and finger palming the AT nT ae aan ee a

pubovaeianianr mgt poenery hi under their plate. a pashan ey

be ai palling jah penny cat of the envelope. Say, “Hau cher cbr Engtish peep. Jr has

prince ores fon Ter pk davies Rekiy Lines Nerve hice chai”

igo sc he epee plcender each aga ee
co Guest Three, Have him open it and remove che Chinese coin. i tr mea
etd Iravok years for me co mansian rhe symbols om che coin, bur it Basan ahaa

Pus the envrlape back in your packer. Have cach onin examined by cack of che Take back each
savers Papbe itl crema erp cept hah
dnehe oh ineree coin os ebse 9 ave rier gi
ect ase he fT Ga fd found elurwtere in chit book (al ~ the aides of
from dhe original desert Sones Erscpurinch Bret cot tes boll aller the
ceicadeteriees ties eS ta ee fk eek es ba «at
lap remake thar chis is che coin char he chose. Per alyresi ey ery at 0
forming che Audinseein Purshack Move 1 secretly drop che half doflar inca che régbr hand a8 yOu
ihe pene. Once removed, move your hand to the left. Ler ther penny drop into the hand,
‘to Greet Teo that chis coin was his eclection. Firally cake che Chiness coin, alee becting ie drop inno che
hard, and remarking chat the Chincer eoin was the scloccion of Gucar The.

hie hey re Crumble the lef. fingers ira the hand co shiw chat the ball doMar bas van
Tie datemey wi teripee hegre onl beth cote ote fgets of ench hand Ue

wait dolke is in right Soop patel: eras both the Chinese coin and nso che

lef hend bur mm che Kart Drage Ch os nition, eating te py tag ge

om cop of rive half dedlar. Tarn fey Mateahedaeeice F

the hues vanished. Finally, > Tes Crate ings and ph ha how hi

—y ieonco-the other coins in finger palm as pou withdrew the right hand oo che right. Turn:

0 (Guest

Perform the Ceomnd' Arm crumbling the ofboth handi end then opening them to khow

that che Chine coin has ‘The codes finish in right Nowhere palm, Say, “All cheer coime Aor

vee a a eee aay Se When! muatke cheat cose hack, ‘pour cnt ap it eae better plate
fn Acer”

Turn to Guar One, have him name his coin, chen ask him yo lift hits plane eo see che half delle. Mave
pec pel ree py ap i taser pr Preah oer thuzab:
the same Bor the other raew picking wp che cone after che cofn is reveabed,
rsa ped ng aro Fie cole a Boclaers palin ane hidkdca ian ext he
soon), Pur afl of tke coins Firer into the beft hand and chem back into your pocker As an aleernatiee,
pear puberty in Marwhoore ae oes by ee rin Spar right = Py yo roman he a
ci empty coin eneclapes, Plast coin ince the onvelopes, placing # in your
Diicue th ded Thon alc atep backs acl vooepe te dasdecien & pplause pou ant shout to meccive,

FINAL THOUGHTS: | mecnticmed! ar the ig,
that each book cust have at beast one hidden
‘That is i And when O . ais
Most enagicine wil ae recipe,
phen Repl ear. Pingo oe
eo David Bloch's cick withoor ever hie
routine. Amd J will laugh, nd Tvl | be-
fou ARE eg the, cmp, You
ARE reading this, | congraculase ra
Eee ca discovered the maugine chat | AL-
WATS perform whenever my wile amd J have
aioe oar oa tina, bat onc aF vic bes chide
enceccipes you will ever find. Boe Apperia!?

DAVID ROTH

No book would, be
pocslyeat af scharihl se etgr
Twent oo the famous Lou Tannen's magic shop

in yiisielicnsyrs ‘tall mo one af che

Bats Tocre tec han | ded cote
magic, pera te prep pt Si
Sriginel ideas, 1 botched ll che erick, He wot
me bo come back on che weekend and see chin
ey, David Roch

[wen back on che following Sarurday and sow 2
epuwdl of around a young man doing cain
ordcks. fc was Dawid As | wanched him, I realized
rol bree coin magic sucked red po

whar David was doing, | chon act out nm ha:
renensiom pechnitpare, his way of construction,
and his naturalness in handling coina

Ie wear casei later chat we became good
fend an ao co-orhn. We wraveled
the workd engee pours and
pried dahil cei prep
Magic Semiears. | raving seb pice
Dawid, myself, Mile Gallo (and
Latah, have beonene classics thas stared che

pest of time.

Kastan bok Cotnamge the Bir befi etek on
the firse on
coin sénce Bobo, was the Firsc major cal-
lection uring Davad work, The David Rech
sectles from thus book nea only influenced coin
‘workers all over che world, bur you can see how
he inBlucrced many of the comer hubere
wo the book. His own book Expert Goin Magic,

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN * FRIENDS 465

also werbmen by Kaubmac juss a few years laces, i
considered a Bible among coin workers. David
has toured and Laer gpl ever che eared
won numerous awards, and is considered the

Focher fanciers coin menghc.

Vem proud to inckede David's own Alank Coin
Routine, which influenced the development of

ery own routine (appearing ehewhere ir this
bea ane eeriedin eel bea

ch seing vd hr origimal-
Orr the New York
srareabanat santo
THE ROTH BLANK COIN ROUTINE

This rourine is different chan my own Blank
‘Coin routine, bash in soem, endl with a
a ‘The general idea is the aame. A

ineo cheee dafferesr cola.
Hosion Konieeab dain eran thas
leares the spectacor dunsfounded, is of
this rougine, called Pose Frome Wild wis
fire performed on David's Live im Sacramento
Video fines 1994.

‘you far penr ptanrple bdink coins (David
wees six of ehem), that ane the wine of s Ihab chet

will alve oved u aliver half dollar, a copper Ene

anda chird coin (you con use any

ested opin of a commast-

pit Indian

Pad ingen gee the of chin

we will gee-a brass Ten

are | ei Te heed fnges polos The

are: ana mack in Iefe-hand

Upper coin in gubcrrigas, ey ibe

coin, and brass coie is again the fi fees.

‘fou will alo aced a Ton Onoseka coln purse,

with an iemecrnal clagp, Davwicl ames page
eas ic is-chin and belpa eo facilicare one of che
maowes. Place che blank coins into che purse. Dis-
play che purse wt your left fingertips, and you
are co begen

456 AUBINSTEGW COSY MAGIC

PERFORMANCE: ‘lurn Eo. yout Specenton aad
poh On sem Yon aes cole i ree
hace aever econ. Amat J cont sory char soll i Ya
fiecouwe: shese are shar coins look Nike before
min.”

Shnamclesaaieiry ome sehen Take the

pursc wich our che coe
ante che nan purse hack into your left
hci ne ie ofthe prs be
beeen i fires ated woconal fingers (phate
‘BML1). “Vile che paaree hack a bir ae chae che choumb
baidbestatirs Hered een ene
imges are really « purse. This is calked
pale “Thess are blanks, Cs revs cant!

* Trewury Depe calls cher “blanks” You
peri *t bern mine 5 TAacy Rana’ Banc
truck There’ a bow of here. ‘Tow ser, at bank
ens can become ary crim, aoey cin at all

Gather the evans ap wih yest Er hand srl
displary chem on the open Figghe prales, "While ae-
fencion is on che coving, use che chums eo push
dram on the of the c coin ao char ie
separaes froma sack cad Li be held only by the
Sd teeraene ath ‘The rackon of thse
coin from the srack in Finger paben is called thse
Break Off Mowe. In this potirion, when

the coin cam be pushed against rhe palm wi
the fourth finger wishous inocrhcrence from the
other coin in the Finger-palmed srack.

Drop. she Plane coin beech wenn the exble. Take

the. purse from che left board wirh che righe
‘Close it “able off eo tec he ng the clasp and place it
vanco che table aff vo dae Pickep one
cal dhe blank alrite e hand. Prevend
mo place che coin Ineo dhe belt hand ber reraim
it im classic. palm in che right hand. These are
alifferens: ways no doochis You cam usc a thamb

palms vanish, = ming che coin when you
Feed ale r the fea ype:
arty claidic-galms vamidh, Say, “im I rom ir
hd nd ay eoin
Brcaumcs a capper gral peasy

After dhe Falke > Rug on pour aloeve,
heer your a Apel acids apa secretly pals
ihe cintiet big hann a ee pee we
third a ech th (piesa S14). fe
lef hand and cau Or Seaclarie we
tended Finger af che righa . The blame coir
int classic palm isn't sorn bocame of rhe Malic
formerly Kapa) Subelery, in which the base of
the chusab is able io prevent the classie-palmed
enkn fro being seen. More chat che action of
towing che coin from che left hand ime che
t gives che percepeiom char che left bared be
rwise cmpey.

mediately tan your right-hand palm down
ared disglay che coin et the right firger-
pe Pick up blank cnim off the cabbe
‘with che left thernbs amd frat fieger. At che seme
time, weeretly dinap the clawic-palmed blank
coin co finger palm. Display both coin, che

per in che ri anal che blank cote in the
coche sudlierce, Hace hoch eoiers one dhe cable
and pack up che with the right baited, Place
ft ine che befe fad balding “2 Purse Crip.
Gather 4 the remaining blank coins wich che
right hand and pur chem all ime che pure along
with the finger-palmed blank cain. Perform rhe
Break Of Move, geting che slbecr coin inca posi
tiem by pushing deren on iim odge. Say, “Now you
are fining. char wee aevun t war's
expecting # aecder five can-do ir

‘Well, pin pl pos chal aur han
prio Wark pari Ranicucter, a bdaak coin
ona become any cole, any coin ae all“

Choy che

Bethe sea once re

Pretend co place it ineo your left, retaining ir
clazake sata in the righ. Teg on r alecve,

(thug don'e anap it hur} ond

keeping your left fex palm up. thy. silver
— t che palm and open che belt oo rows

coin ence che excended right Regen
Te a pomp aratiepitc
ci ni Ture your rh 1
doom and display she silver coin ar your il
t | if inen a
poy Bacay afeny ter half dflan
Pick up the copper coin with the belt band amd
slay Boch colt Saye “They used so be ble, am
mw they ane copper and silver"

‘Ser che caine dhvwm ane ppock wp abe open: parse
with che right brane, This tire, put ie ined tlhe
mcohne Cetines ear accon ed
ing the outside of che purse wich
the heb Doers pes A) fry, “fr foc ey ny
a magician should meser nepear a trick bur since |
fa Fe gee ade egies seer ee eee et
a bank coke, com become arp onde

Turn the right-hand pales dere andl bet thee
clawaic~pal: blank coén crop to Fingersig: cean,
Reach ingo the pare: and peotend bo remove
sre dato romering the coin an the
Igertipa Pisce emibe the cable, (Chee

oe hur dost ang hut ae ialf

= right, Aw beloec, pick up che blank coin,
and clawic palm it in your & han! asyou
pretend eo place if ines ‘Tug om your
ileeve anal your left hand ta show the frase
coin, Say, All we do de por ir doo rhe hand and cong

‘CHAPTER EIGHTEEM + FRIENDS 457

on che sfecor, aad thee bles coin becoence 1 broan,
‘Tew Gon piece freon Kieerpa

‘Vhia time just drop ie amon the cibbe. Ture all

thive con ower oa the alle wish bol hands

sod "So, there is moe oopper and vilwer aml!
omins char wsed eo be bfamb."

hace apr going eo perform the eran
portion, Pach wp all cheee oaina and bold them
om the cxnenced val che obra
Uy artim fey Porras 1
csi. Theat thar fy faecal it che extra cheat the
waty por pati pank daha vient
acted hold it at che right
Sha secoacel digs ele ined Gatig te
nigh hand! po righr bua
As are extending cheir hand, you ane going:
ao pet Roahis Palm Change, ‘ras his 985
bool Expert Coin Magic. Ture your igha bond
palm down, ee ee ae an the ca

Bf the third fi (pete 8.5). Cur
prbrelnehie hegrey i geiron cli

left Spain

45 RURSTEIN COUN MuNGIS

he classic blank coin eo

pag iy degra rca tes elasabe

catot Lrersecppie sya tepeare neon dete
eli

each other
Place ‘hid coin iene cheir bar eps ely
them cocloae and umn their hand palm down,

Show apogee a left pralen anc
aon cho te aoe Passport
ber. ip

PELE, (ems heme anccher Blond

Place che-coins oneo che cable. Pick up che open
with your right fingers and place itlin your

(oi hse, trouch hooper and cupping che

af che parrse with your loft Reach in and

remove a blank coin from the paree, Place in

ante the table, then chee the purse and sce it

emo the cable ag welll

Pick up the blink coin with che right hard and
mas be omeo che paleneuge left ‘Toss it back

emco the ra (hiding che sibver coin
with the ). Pretend no cose ir beck
inn ft hand, ber chis time execane the

hand. Close the dt hand olny a

che cowed silver coin is mot seen. Say, “Kemeee-

aye raya career
ke veh the clone! lei yen fel

feel che.covn oka che
rie oa ay pitapie pala isogr ed
Hank coin.”

‘Open your hand eo poveal che leer coin and

oe eer lend. He can mom examine the
ank coin ane all chree different caving, When
finished, you can place all che coins (including

the palmed blank coin} inva che purse eo end.

FINAL THOUGHTS: An oppoted oo other Witt
Goin mousines when only one differenc coin is
used go make the changes, here there are chee
different coina that ere all seen arel are

examisable, ‘lhe acceater pecs e Free choice of
any of the cheee indifferent caine far che rane
posiaion, malking in seen evers encare ierponuibsle

Although David uses six, blank coins, en
Forth nb haved promi Ror

Ed ‘i
Palm Tremajfer, an an: deena rece ee amy
other palas eraneler (euch as the one found im
‘Goiinmagic} chat Finishes wath the coins ewicch-
ing places,

PART THREE
BONUS SECTION

Oh honcy, that was preat!
Please show me another trick.

hada! ae sagen ur wile ever


Chapter NINETEEN
PUNS FOR ANY OCCASION

in onder ao to buy this, | norded en perio artek in che book touch). This might be
Twon'r tocoow), Hue there in something here for and even i'yow don't generally use pura, you
might find acne laner [or mura) 0 up) sma own nowtines. Cir, you can po our an bosar anal
ej aay a ne acomedy chub owner iF] could doamndup, He old ene ao stand
leave

f. So, 00 make a hong sory chor, only read the bogieming and. che end
br conchison, whenever you pun, remember chat there is ne-cpe in nose, bug chere ie a comgee in
(GAAAAAAPL Bley, scick wich me and [vill rum chis chapner right iene che groaned
MEDICAL

Leut eny car and eeedod aumgery, Forqurtarely, my Doccor wes just named: Sungoom of he cat...
When my mocher poe her hip replacement, chey made her fill owt a joint rene.

My medher had « bilaceral hip replacement, mow she is com hip For che rene...

My dentist cold me chat fixing ene broker coach would be bis crowning achicececne.

My cardiologisr cold me har I had JA fil. So, Leold hiss | wenabd jay thir om cmc

My dentist said [ noododl rm Flom nod his ie-was a flowsed euene_

“The plastic surgeon only performed brea implan. No ils, ands, or burs...

Aghe dencist cleased che hole in the sooch, it was obeious char he krew che del

Deeed oo be fporlocse, unail che podiatrist cightened my ankle...

“The comicdogise's office was very quict. AB you coubl hear were murmurs

402 AUBINSTEOON OOM MAMI

he talked about gecting hack eo his rooes_
Phew Leen Be dart epee
rain uedey ‘Dore Bo won't Tan
ip ius

My Friend. a mecond rinse,
He asked the doctor what it vas,
and he replied, "no one memc...*

oa

| eisda’s like che exy batch looked after
the dengiar ‘on nae. Bot we called,
(oleaed, and i-was oll water under che bridge...

catraiedtce mage ean

He said ic was aeate of the heart...

tent had barricaded himself
wes Seo larrisc would have

‘ipsiiaaaninaivel hacdszes bacntoe
the wins clea be baad hiawroke
cut cat Ber hin...

friend was diagnosed wich an. imoperabe
pe ejrpeaa (He cried noe to chink abour it,

erate geek seer eet

Ir'ts0 expensive nereraclayn,
en ince

Mi denciat lice all che time.

He newer pels che nacals..

U bese ry camdbiokeggiae.

bene sorey onion

Ir sure was: a xine for aoe eyes

The booer went bo the hoapirel
for a puoch binpry...

‘The pacts remereed the veniam’:
Lae night | saw a group of Chiropreccons
snomgiaee

——- vwhenn che candi
hove conelactod intact.

Aon artist U knew just alied, and couldn't maker
his deadline...

| atked che musician how he goo a sound cur of
This lune. He sold ne cher che answer wea blowin’
a

‘The elecerician was made an offer char he
oouldett refuse...

Mey aioe haste't oer erach reat lapely:.
sh oth hur eng ita wabteg ia tae. ™
Min plc A es oe ca
He had 1c mallee

| sedlued che noilor no foo che hole im my packer.
He cab hese oak be mor tet OF poet
expenace..

Did you hear abour the physiciet who maak che
iracccrtaea bic own hande?

There peuple applied fir the jab ae the
Starbucks jus changed che name of their
largest cap no wD cup. The chew wees: a buee..

Lain tara Aarpastane pai

orgarrining a second serike.
lcd tea hth hes sod he
piven cme:
Mbp Grace sohvcnat: hin jobs ax
the Powis, Dur be wi cele ws jue aps
arta sell the roses...
friend srarced 9 daci service for people
a ining neat sat
bbe edinies it's. a erramge job, bur he just needed
oo make M's meet...

‘When woekon had a prs ee el Eooee
The sculprer was almacat oot of
inal sonepal ieforte dace i*

‘Why is het akeeee eee aye

J used no work ac able im ony hepa.

1 insuloed my masseuse, then he bit back...

The lewyer made sure chat che was

served while he was ar whe Food couse.
Friend decizled mee ve ualoe the

eperacor: J chen she:
‘There were caro female in cour,
‘One was prosecore cham the oxher...

ana oele-

feria

‘When | wene co coumeon a rei

even my umbrella bad ne ead

‘The Chimay necepes aheays
hadlon hid beat saat

‘The poy ac the Planetarium shined a floodlight
Mh Sch sa nb in 44

Sic anaes the: checery,
omic they tad the cheery cookin
ane

a

‘The genericise sesnonil che DRA fra

ees

some arljuacments on the Ay.

‘The comedian walked out on seage with crucches,

| pica bee needed. chens eo cho. eand-ap

‘The sauiclan awack Inco che music smadio

of his rival, and! spoke alll hie noses...

Hive you ever toa Lens maker

eee Fie co oak eat coneeerets

He said he neoded moee apace...

~ elubs Free readers
sme cmeay cere

rieeong

(lnew a marhemacician who had ADD.

Mot mo: eS pe
I guess ies precio od

fly Frienal che poot wan sich,

Rocmtahy he nook a ture foe the vere.

CHAPTER NINETEEN + PUNS FOR ANY GOCASION 463.

Der the borne my one vera: poem,
pend hot Ison aloes ta she anlveree-

prorl arp ai apa: eroded ar
toller: They aay he plenged nm his deach_
The artive never wanted ta show bia work ar a
(gallery. He jase dicda’e have his art in in

plein si,
nig. thant
on het hic tela nits

The walrress was is tired, che drank a penn
cup of coffee, Now she is a walucreia_

Erase. ré wt che hospical,

taal how io drew bho
‘The personal crainer made has clicne do: roo
eronches, lt was a classic case of abuse...

{rw a. sanieation worker take oly ion of the
emsh our of the cam. | paces he wanund she prick
of the litter...

This Done par eanttarion workers get

ina anpences, | wan't worried, la was

jeu trach talk

ANIMALS

‘The veterinarian waccinaned afl che cower in the

ear. Thar gree them all heard immamiry..
friend just boughs an eight-foot

radars gS erp

as he con.

The bag black bird ane a iF bw monvevom...

Fhe spread wene to the vee because

he ate culiga, Tors and a rose...

‘The car got into the maison, thes clawed

his way oo che oop...

Noone would gonear the vrecrmurian bere
of his amimal inutiock...

Martel finally made a pee for Ben-aed Barbie,
was a tery

lif reoener is able co crow, why is a crore not
able im roasrer?

The vet felt sick after commining ane of che
horses. 1 guess he was feckeng, the whither
Whenever my merce Rit all,

she neoda to Hs

464 RUBINSTEIN COHn MAGIC

(wanted five Foals bathe

time
jekeparsican
Binwlly, [hed tle ary la all.
‘Atthe animal shelter the volunteer get inns
ouble far aleding and a peising,..
urieane on command.
Paekianhay genoa can

is enak,
ee rena tien:

tothe
al

cof Eur.
pea

rides pod i
gee pretcy ciched! off.

Taking i used co be cary.

Now, i gecing beordet ond hound.

My friend broughe his dulrmarian co rhe wee for a

ppat chock...

Once ‘wan mciutered,

1 bere Set poewinying.

The cat had succesful throat su an the wet.

The ener just roocieed che mewn...

‘There bins excaped from che 200. Aushorizies

The ehephane sooced nalved an the mickile of che
room, The family sar aevundl and made

mal tal Fc oc ex eonel che depen tn

the room...

‘The man should Sa paar

Spr baa del an

arpa

re esop re
witht a tail,

aoe

hog, wan curhaniand alter crying eve
ie iowa buge. ‘This aleioae canes 1
a bit hes end.

A Pet ene tele oe Re

was worried aber

1 og ogg igrncker ars
the farm. Apparencly, there wan pain im che ae.

free thee
atop ent madetiae be ine
Pic dogeer toda hag

ool im a piece Do

it was the lend eouldl dn

dia pi ec
for the strays. | tal him
chat there waino eit crying ower aillod toll

‘The can gee our of che commier:

He must have been chinking our ef the bos

fly car had a part ina movie. lewas a cumeow...
The PLrebeleengs
I sienesdilo wide waa
Hep cola for improvement.
snicl the mew grocer ace Thal recs

A hia because his
perry ke ie er amt
hhecause it a malMune_

wnech, end wat infraced
wesctlotoe hewn oftatie,

hi skviariea
his the
indie hegre te ge
Ga ccs Nine Lives?
Because his gener won't buy lnim Friskies...

Jasons ane —"
Lastaiatn enh ber

because he kenewter

iis oi'coshc-tancd subaice:

oon be: bri me. shy
We changed che mame of cur mew

Feused eobe Angie. Barer it's Angie

SPORTS

There i movie gut about a acccer player,
an bicsidekick..

‘The beneer was concemeplacing,

Home bave scouting eet tecton

‘The soccer Lean Sapa reer

and scored three

The bower would meal alter every fight
Ic gave him food for eg
‘The new baliplayer waa hearing impaired.
Whcarvar ba ees adel for KS oucsgeegh,
he would just sign hia name...

oki schist umpire,
‘he wan bit by»
wil pen Wee po thec ee

Vknew a married golfer whe wanted! eo play a
round

friend was recowering from a brain clot.
bap wniene el pied 3a
tennis, 20 improve her sero
decided vo sell coffee at the sadism,
hired a news groundicccper..
flied ie teas igen wher
[rwumg, | eviet che
iar ao ey the be-
cep ev
Fill demreranet temic

came down wich a case of poison ivy end had eo
‘be serpched_

was rat some mew Fh iperane in
ppc drier oy ri bari py
ca Bll acouphe of of glasses -

seer hse {hoolood. a Fin, st
cetera

in his arr, pas enulda'c
rib fm i se

CHAPTER WINETEEM » PUNE FOR ANT OCCASION 465

ann po fatten wp she offerue, the Yankers
pet eaten Verne ee
womenne who can
‘The eren.on the ner
um, bur che women preferred to go ample...
held the arenas) comvencion at chic baelsall
ARS ack! cre am

the stadiuen bry removing dhe upper deck.
Liesl die anearas amen caniet

“The FEA was |i the ther of a apemts
sradiuen. that the bone tram

HOE

Wc cried oar ewe buhera and. hired! ane of
them, even though the ober deserved.

Aly wife asked! ene oo mate che bed.

Food ber | got it covered...

fly apartment wat. do cold while [ wea painel
thar Lawuded to add anodcr cose: ene

My wife aend I boeh decided we should spend

the day inaide, Who knew char our bless would
colonic...
| changed some of the broker in the

aparemern. [nwa a avep in che dirgction...
My friend wroer a book abour saying in hia
hoaae for an coring year. ft was the inside apory
1 himed an: ineerior deeurscar to

leitchen “The fw hing snl a
change che calor grandte counnernop.
Tihonghe heroin comm Son. tiecs,

| fuse boughs mew hammock.

Now: I always. ger my sway...

‘We just clased on a nice apartmens,
iecieieclenkiae,
tra
were cet house: huni”

kicion dog ir ould Ends

I alippedt while drifling a bole irwe che wall,
sdgciishicwsdkuyhed.

an Gutheuie
you sary they

$86 RURINETEIN COIN MAGIC

‘The grasa in my lawn got ea high,

oll gee aco np moe che lawn...

We hired a new gardener, Ihecaseue Ihe seemed ist
welll grounded _.

‘Whe cares if che ceiling fin ts broken!
fey not the end of che whirled...
May wit yelled st mee foc buying a bad taaci
comiaren init Tare Batol ofl
‘The maid dide't clean my house very welll
She said she waa very tired [gold ber thar she
i night's sweep

cleaning lady a rie: and benefics,
ate The etal

on che steps leading

lea rargt ee
mite at the porner in anger,
arene ch
sels ec tio
fl thar we would end up warching a

‘apa lace the ocean, bur couldn't dio
ney laundry uneil che Tide came in

‘The ait cotelitioner was browen, | lost my coal...

(CARS AND TRAVEL
The mechanic offered 0 damage 60
amy tire for a Alar rane ee
bone spoke while chey drowe
work, artle war dey tela
The mechanic wae: fired from his garage.
All be did was take a brake...
My war de Apparcunly,
de pr
pee treet ei eek be
on my car, but he never changed the haeuery...
lhe eae» oe eee eet
"ap th window ot et gs

The eapeaim panned olf the engine fora
woaiteuine tebe olf...

Last week | ran ines an old Signed, were
able eo for his leg, bur erry Render waa.

When | wenr eo renew my driver's licerue,
sinccnel iegedeatacieae
audio version...

mechanic performed a car inspeccion.
dn caper ara

Vhad thre: accidents, | pues | never should have
taken char crash courss,,,

ome. [wat cervaln chee a seceed line would =
emerge.

(wee juacon a cruise where ceeryone just sar
seceded lndadac Wes dete Teese

have kecwn, When it was. cime co embark he
captain cried out, "All RBored’.

Uveasned eo ge sailing nodkay, but wher
goth pce poe

V guess char ahi bad

A coca a

He aired on che wide of caucton..,

My Fiend called oo ler me know he had an aeci=
dene while drivi oe duenage
ha orem fad he called, chaa's

carinii a
y thelr aireet mapa He ia Roads Scholar

eee ple eps he cer

\weillchal arhostapes
Aa Firat, it was opoch ane go...

‘The guy who checked my tires was each a
eet cicang—nolh he abwane rales

oe the conarruction crew powed
the road wil Sa a ard

ona self-driving car
My ecw nor Barone one.

The mechanis rok one book ot hin girliricnats
car, ancl realined he meededd to bration em.

twas driving eneil | saw a-sige chat seid drew
i so | srepped ancl mack a skeet.

“Fou cam gee more ona plane,
iF you have shoreer

t t the U-Harl hack, bus | coakln’s pay
ibe bill, Retiews me, chene was boul co pry...

| was eo the pack unelll | rw 3 ehua
aaid Mo ing, 20 | cared around and wens
home...

Peden tn pois anomie
Everyone arudha
Te was. brie forall,

nephew Inves Laren i the
friend boughs a pizzeri:
We decided ta haw: a pork rast For dint,
Tae Sea Sieh ot toed io born and sade
‘The baker wouldn’s give oar che recipe bow bis
bwead. He aid ir-was on a kneedd 1 know basis
Foner rasced bear meat. bt was grincly...

Incooking claws, we learned all sor of ways
fa cnak potatoce They can be baked, amamed
or broiled, Bas dhey eold us never 60 play with

hh way you can have your quike and eat it
Poe

At Binet, no-one realized thac mg grandimontser
wan pasting pas during clineer.
firwaen't lng before I goo wind of ix...

Ucemaddn’e tell sry Friend chat he was overeating,
He juse had too anuch on his place

Veried uo made a poured cake,
bur ir was only filteen eo.

of encouragement immo ceery
1 just got inoo a beef with my buccher:..
Whenever [eat nuit, amend poo aparits.,.

Friend gee druek at dinner and spilled she
dr plat rhe ed ea

CHAPTER HONETEEM + PUNS.FOR ANY OCCASION 467

| pur some in the oven.
Nocatee aoe

J will sear: che chay with a Daninh,

My wile made me some venteon bersuse

she kevéw it. was deer co my bere.

Avost walks ineo a French resaurane and orders
a chocalate mound, “T dhink you vant nt mune",
tae the rains, The cag: neplics, “ia.a Freakin"
car, how much de you think | cancat™

Tew eggs gor ince: a fight. Cre wrist bearers...

In my cooking chess | was nolld no dice che one
fely bam was sack but mere in's cured...
(wanted to buy a paring knife but choy marke
me kare core.

Alew monks were preparing a salad Cee

an olive. Seon ir was-ear of che pit,
und inoo the Feige...

Leould only abbr no purchase ewe pieces
seb hen the boeken

be wan all che hander Pcould get...

ber ecthcirag clic, vere argued creer bgew ns

chop a bus we never minced word...
We cried co bale a chichen, Ibur the par burned
tn che oven. So, we had che pow powae instead.
‘Coffve is nor oy cup of ea.

i
who were ba the Urologic?
He was raining ovo pea.
Abdiner, yy Friends por ineo a fight ower order-
ahe creamed or 43 go along
ar apna aed pars
Avsmudy showed char people i
vwenghe iaceaals eccaen orthecing
Especially in the mid-section
After offer several dicts,
se ydocase Risteal pareoery 2m techs
Pow rise, chat was the lase sera...

466 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

PERSONAL
(was fneling down, bar fele berver after ping
i] the ng ahi,
ecco
My wile found me em the cemeh with
Seay onan

belt ene no my cram dewiors..
1 ithe monagh che
accel abate eennstal
the whew. My wilt nursed to orc ancl anid,
“This time, you've gone to: far..."
| juse read a book on aracistics.
Te wrak pretey graphic...
A geet che che voller: fi
ah tie paper company,
Lonce fell agkerp at a wake...
rs brevet arepeenpe port
by aking ha kauna ahi isde rake
rPectacm...

Uhad qo decide berwren a mepizoal ara
ladder Ichowc che laden

ifsc padre eee

one:
Loripped and fell. My ribs wen: sore,
(wu startled when che man at the next table
began bo choker, beat cher | reclined it waa pear a
PR

[wes once ee conse, 1 eres chewenthe..

Qeam text-wich the thumbs of boch hands,
‘That makes me ambirexcremae...

A homeless: man came up 00 me and began ro
Tepe ow fora
can't be

aia si cs lb i wis

Boll hime GL _

| use eve irerruenencall matic.
are no words oo describe: it

| used en amnips, wher | wa
A Se

Ppp pelo
res frtemattohejon

T haree so manny relatives.

dudut kee inp eth ance Sect ole a
cope.and they poo him our af che cree...
There aren't 2 kee af people in my family tree,
bur everyehing ta relazive... aimee
‘My: son leaves his dirry elaches.on. che Floor.
‘He chindethae pureing chem in the bundy
bin would hamper his myle_

Vorled co-onder out, bur chey were our of order...
1 mother a lor of credin. Amd she
de sani penn ie

On Chris wile a
the eer dr oie A on

on poy (Clrriaresas tree,
bao Peer iar a

hough dha | ge our fe oe Chrismas, bt
three. When ! checked:
only counsed i a

Idan’ need anithi
Ten jst ee

een Re the Jewish peuphe moed bo atone
hij aro pcget back ema vecaionsstbe:
fersey. covered with mncaquiee bimes.

He gure was a sight bor shore Flies...

Uihrew our my necer wanch,

Ck wana waste of time...

‘When | waa pomeng cme

‘bur it meant che workd to mae

Dene po Mer’ Wearhouse,

and ried ona Colemial and Selig Ranch

used co shop ac Men's Wearhouse far Eroan my
home, More [go vo. sroce char is closer, because
it euited mer beter...

frend was juar diagnosed wich the Circle
= Die nopeetic ak bine pour
Last night I with my wile. When
tee igs ered muy ae ny
| pate wens ba am eeate alk,
ana boughr Virginia.
be es was on che eleventh.

cOUTEE, is in che pear tench.
| just read a book: shout someone athe had tien
buns! Howrenr, the sory was biawad_.
friend ia moving bis compas co France.
eomasoneting.
When | wene to che bank and asked for a kan,
they belt ene
| fuse cook phoco of my hand.
Irwas a digital phono...

I checked our the new maasage: parkor,
ta pet a feel of the place...

decided co wear my antiga wancks,
forckd ine’ he

My friends went eo: ial school,

bur mever had o with abusive priests.

Saget Frian.:

A Genii at the Laundromat,
ard ere three washes

pts nometaksnn Err crock gia
realize we were on Ma. Rushmore.

‘wile woed while she ears.
My friend, weon't dane a beary worm.
Hi mocre is waist met, eee ee...

During Yoga cle a f

‘Te aay | practice Yoga isa bis of's srrerch
| once erted eo werk our, bur ic didn’t work-cur..,

| couldn’ figure our how co eee my camera from
che movsaal, 20 | oried che warormatic..

[booked all around buc could’: fied my carter,
| guess I don't haee a photograplric momary.

‘CHAPTER HIMETEEN © PUNG FOR ANY OCCASION 405 |

1 eouldin’'s ae my eleceric blankee uneil | paid a
cower charge

1 pecencly wanched a scene in the Coodfather
yehere Marken Brando gota a heart atrack and

One dy |
Sater a

1 roel a begineving cnce cless.and beamed horw

eo move my booty. My neacher said | was a

werk in progress...

Lonee played ina for big speaks.

J walleed away apd oe

My friends go manvied im che exin.

Jews che fire chee | ever amended a weering—

{once auditioned for as

‘Vegas. Bat L couldn’ make dhe

1 Found a exsén cuted

1 pacer Fines lider: chart are a aise a homer

‘When it comed co babies, change is good...

My grandmceher anopped wriring with pencils.
depen...

lcrw aher uanen

J once diced a woman on social securing
| just warned a friend with benefir.
Onee | bocume very coracipatnd. |
I kscw ic ws coming bu { coukdrt avoéd i. |
‘Yesnerday | chew out ney back
‘Luckily i wae scill in che crash bie |
Ever ainee ery denrie cold me to floss
relighcrudly, | clean chem every Sundixy at mana...
My friend waned his lant
He just needed to book che

as alas eae ae nee Ay pce |
tdakstke paperwork |
| heard that my fricead bre: bis leg iin risree:
places. He ites Queena,
anid che Bren. |
Whenever | bank ino a mirror,
ie becomes a tine bow eeflecticm — |
| knew where che was, bus [ jart could’
see the Flocisc ithe tro.

470 RUBINSTEIN COIN MAGIC

Rg a ye aa

the car nan over any
Dery ceeny time char | need cooper a acaled
envelope that agys no near bere

t about becoming a phimbes,
Letesiors pect
BARS & DRINKS

Friend hover with ahizggics,
Sic decilaree hea gune:esGeerailaabees
idl gir ale rinababe wine bide

M poe RN bar. ble gave the

The win team walked into a bar,

boat credo cut...

ik anor ri ah pc per ik ml

codered dri oe ig
Ss

juac a hsipaie pire
Teo licermnare ssudcots walk: i
i aaa noo

‘Teen gyermaats walked ints parallel bars

waited ioe lng to caane the wine, and in wens

baad tha sip bese seabed...

| wanced op cip the bartender, bur he was

an the corer end of the bar. | ried to walk: over

there, bur it's a long way om cipparccy...

My friend called in ack alter spending che maghe

at the Iocal bax, | quem he picked wp someching...

A penguin aed hear walk inno bar. The

harvcenader wasn't going te serve chens, bur he

decided co jane penguin and bear ie

Sia basen on Desc igs vy etal,

He was corally oor of lime.
Hamer walks inca a ber, The

him, “Whaa'll it be™ Hamlet mean ces

the quesion.”

Bartenders and dectees are as much alike.

‘The winemaleer couldn't tea
Friciad got into a bar faghs and was punched
after the firm cme, became ancles adhweays cone bet
ih
heed bbar, looked
span

Th youtheas the ene seu the rab who walled
init a tarul bar?

Thad you hear the aee abour the bird wha walked
‘ince a cpowhar?

(Did you hear the ome abour the rabbi who
walkeed into a Bar Mitreah!

‘hey hee sach echer mab fom la.

“The comedian was Freed Frees his jel aa a bar
sender, All he would seree was rum and jell
Sun Rael rebates eee

"Fim looding: For ery chum"

The pay drank so much cher he decided noc no
drive, ated hailed a cabernet...

My frien anal his wite wore diving home, and

he 08 stay dpe bre Mow the
ways chee he drove her po
MISCELLANEOUS.

‘The gasibler shot che dealer berewen the
welee tr cromictulnsuecke Tchad
Ee eae

St de eg ewan A

2 mrcricalisg whe cook hurries
act he couldrt pet uy tasks.

Although the librarian wid! she
didn't mand reading... —

Teo Bhar iat down for some parecn of
ches. The renale was always a chew.

‘The Uni is abowwl 5
— ty petting bigger, as apace

‘The scissors were esken off che shelves im all che
stores. Apparenaby, chey didn't make dhe cue

Uhre che old movien

closed the local cemetery. Ir's asad:

‘The greenhouse realised chat their oom-
petizar von they ere
bac gtr -

Ut found cr char: che Mike sneakers were
coumiericct...

Phone screen just brode.

‘The
lige ic ow ta whae ir was. ceecked up co be.

‘The recaissing wall collapsed causing a loretelicke.
Firat in was quiee, chen all bill broiler kxcme._

Ac Hooerr dam, wacer poxarod owt of acrack in
che comcrene. Sameone should fix che dam beak

Sometimes ['m Procsc, eametione I'm againar.

While halluctnacing, a man are a beaunifal
woman, She was a vision of loveliness.
(knew a gary who had EID uncil he used Viagra.
be chac im court, they marke you tis when
a

Inia
fail ye Lio
Volcanoca make becter lavas.

In New York despinc on increased polor pre

metre cards.
The man was acoaied of killing his veccim with
adel, However, the aceusatine was hasehos.

In Tialy, | caw the amen Leaning Tower.
ically a Pigs workmanship.

‘the cried ber at che i
obit bade role \ighe off the :
He cried! on ber again, bear char: chip bad sailed.

tophest role in a movie. That's how she got ber
SAG card.

CHAPTER HINETEEM = PUNG FOR ANY OCCASION 471

“The snaid of honor cold the bride ro remewe the

The bookie stood mex: po the groom ae the
wodding, He wan che bees man,

“The comps brant the ring.

U pueas chear’s the wage rhe crumbles...
‘Someone bef four cree trunks in frome of
Noah was really am Arkiologist...

Amar ether name is jum ancec,

‘The worn was so insecure abour her age,

apres

Ac che conclave, @ tan wan prearcered!
somerinne iat epee
“The police were became ghene were no
‘Winncem...

Don't make a mountain oo ofa molehaill,

The mole will newer get ceat.

oo ee
Van saarted out bry maki af
rage x ase motion reasvant a
Mone...

Ven ‘way epoeriehy fumed

‘Thar wert my Van Gogh Two jolie

Did you know cher Vimoeer van wane

of the lexpressioniens! bis Proce was good,
baat | lowed bis William Sharer...

‘The graffie; aegiae would draw on che budld-
ling, bur he did draw on ahe serees sign.
| putes be hel on draw the line somewhere...

‘The sew technique for drilling For ol ia simply
groundbreaking.

‘The park wan filled with minoce. bt was qerict a
a mine: a

comedians: Everyone stood
aeuee onan fase line.


472 RUDANSTEIN COIN Magtc

DFeyena meagan, thy ia it thar, oc Bi

aber sagen nen er

eh ‘had Algbeimer's,

ra HO

Av few people were shoveling our che boc...

Ifyou want to sing with the cherch vocal group,

lfyau buy a bose on Amazee, and |e arrives
ean you way if was thipped wicked"

read thar the mown populser

is bullfighti

ep

‘Whar evill lurks dle nada.

‘Whas ie inaurencr,

wher all you ean gor is “rer Fesalt"?

i seman were able eo detece
from. vurithain the earth's core.
“The news was-camth,

Ruomemiber, annoyed is just a
nord wich a Breer aocemr...
‘The pout. olfier eas address ene.

se cio aoe

init thar co haves workout,
Serena

When Pinocchio old a lie during

My Friend inherited his father's teuper,
A wea Baseviby airborne...

My frienel lou his reaper where bee
two the pool, He began grasping

in Venezuela
Pea ore

‘Where waa an art eale at the prison,
Ubesight 2 der painsing froma oom artist...
Do people ie prison need eo ase cell plcmes?
‘Gerving angry has become alll the rage—
The Councy sporsored a Pun Aiur: at che
old floor mal Ieeantin acphiigepeceh
acre

My Friend died while sitting on the soilet:

1 guess it was hin tiene to go.

I J
Peeters eben thee:

My Friend's Free-yeur=ald

idtenestt lieddlweiek.
‘There was a Tormada werning.

We eft os soon an we got wind of,
lcdbrbrestem dor dase ete psrerirt
ing che sereee with o case of Cera Laghe held
aguiner hit chest. He should have knewn thar
you mever cross che soeet when she Lights ere
agent yo.

A bosband bough his wife a.doaen rones for her
birehday. bt was clear he row: mo che occasion...

The ‘erxt wil set co doa code evlick,
1 paces he pete had tercdeal wish ir...

Talent is God given. Be humble.
Fame is man-given. Be grateful.
Conceit is self-given.

Be careful.
Join Wooden

My wile always carries a purse
made by Gueei. Lalways carry
apurse made by Goshman.

Or, Michael Ruddiestesn


Chapter TWENTY
CURTAIN CALL

CHINESE EXPLOSION Il

eed tthe final words 1 paper, | ahesagher 0

add a Few more things oo chis book. This
is am is ais aboviaiebes handling of Chinese Explosion
from Chapeer Ten, thar mighe be a bir easier oo
perform: and looks just as good. | perform this
soquenet withour the original parper,

PREPARATIOM: Aw with che ‘original EGHUE ete,
wou will need che same eee of Chinese coins, afl
beld inv righe ubwumly galne as inv pheobo Sa,

PERPORMANGE: The routine begins the dame
way, producing the coins with he Wiser Change,
then vaniahing them in the same way. The cons
are naw emce again in right thumb palm, and
she Lea thar is pales eye anal oper tis aberwr shat
the ccina have vaniahed!, Lawer the right andl
alighely, ianalerring the coin qo fingertip reat
asin photo 366.

Perform che Tinmel Load, finer ughe in Ghapeer
Thirteen in the cousins, The Wishing Wiel, Beit
ly, show your Ielt band to be empay (palm to
the audience!, then tum it palm mak

a becme Fist, Hhe Serine
fine finger ‘doabl be spour badly, Aur che
same tiene, enerer your mighe ana behind che belt

Extend the righe fiegers, at che sante birme placing


476 AUBINS TEIN COIN MEAGIC

spear chun on: the coins. wo hokd them in place
“against the i Place che cps of che chumb,
second and third fingers, along with the coins,
directly inaw thee pari sieeve pall our ihe
real Chinese coin, leaving the others inside the
loft fist, gokl coin againer che tips of the fingers
Display che real Chinese gobs in the rij Hibek
inog bt bey che with ake ripe of che chussh
wml fae aimee fav ionond he mubience,
Secrecly place your felt chundhoon. che edge of
the coina and open che bund with fingers che
tended co tbe right, at ibe rame time
the coins against the fingors with tbe thumb as
poe Mowe your left hand te che right
so that the fingers cower the coin ag the right
fengerti (Under che cover of the Gngers, ctnap
the Chinese coin io fenger pales and
the gold cain in ies pouition. The smaller cosas
way inghe sane place, held agains: che left fin=
rs aith che ehumb. Move che left hand co che
fe co reveal che charge

Perform che Larea Fingerip Titel we show both
vides of the coin. Turn the left-hand palm
‘with ahe ft Hae set rh, Place spa
eoira ings Spica pst, Fl
irewcenheegu tba ni rawa fin
Eri fecane teridin at the hase of the

fe fengers and cant be aden Extend che

holding the real Chinese coin againot

oe wlio the right chundh. fring your ight
band over che and place she real Chinese
coin on cop of the gold coin (holding ibe rae
onina cogether aa ome). Imenedianely withebrarwe
vhs fight had nh if, nouraling che chamgr.
‘This is similar rove change and conceal-
neti tance fry ‘Row Bonram in che gq book,
‘The Magic and Nicchods of Ross Borram, in
the ce 1 The Money Changer.

Shree tbe sah: de Be ceo Reach over
to the left hued and place your Hirer anal scwcd
fingers.on top af the ooing, chureh usdermeath,
Pack up the nwo coins as one and brieg chem
ro your mouth co blow on there Ac the same
time, lower anil curl your left fingers #0 that the
mall coins are a be im Finger palm. After
you blow on the-coins, pash che cain co the
tip of che firs fr sr yn ihc ta se
eretly drapping the weal Chinese cain ni oF

a belly -mecip plies bo fi
Cher Chanage, Chapter Four rE
wean to boar ig the oilea aerial paforen the
same THe bey jute wawing the woin with a hack
und foreh nocion). Display ic co your audience,
then perform Larea’s Fingerrip Virirl co show
beak sides of the gold coin.

nee again, place the gold coin into the belt
muining 3 1 E E hiegecrs, Rupa
the rae Lael the real Cine coin
over the fel ents state extender! right fin-
pers. Wie your wnigha: hand: oo te use
co onece again reveal the change. Pick up both
coins as one by che eight edge with che tips of
the right thumb and owe fingers and cum
them en abar the fee of she real enim faces che
sadience. [mescdianely performs eetention
iota che left baste Clone tthe Left hana ie Fist,
at the sae time trasdBerring the ewe opina ne
@ thunsh palm, Make awave over the closal
hand, which implies am empay right hand,

Open the left hand 1 reveal the aller coins.
‘Tins t lelghery ser= erage gsr Bur

pear ae 4 from ‘Chaporr Five an char che
_ in thumb patm can't be scen. Finish wish:

oF onine in the bef hand, Tiaend, erene-

et wo doin back eo right Anger palm, and

ick up some of che coin with che right hare

cast the small coins ag the Aieapargega al bozh

hase, then dog the cote all back inew che left
hand alowg with the otker rarn-coine on eral,

QUARTER STEAL

‘This is a very elusive seal of a quarcer as i is
inserted inna acoln eeeelope. It can be used ax
analermarive cothe enveckope steal used in a few
of the reugines in abil book.

PREPARATION: All you need no perform this ike
wat coin envelope. Ef che Flap isn't gummed, you
can just affix. a picer of cellophane rape co che
flap. You will alo peed a quarter, presumably
marked.

PERFORMANCE: Held adhe cmvelepe in your
tight bund, opening cowanl your audience. The
thumbris on cop abour a qaarcer way dewn from
the wg, First and second fingers-on che oppesiae
aide iphoto G8) Hold the quarter ae eel
lecercen the ciptof che thumb end fires finger
(phete 0). end the flap back with the side-of
ahe second finger and begin co put the quarter
inte the crvclope iphoto $0) Push che quarter
inte the ceuchape with abe befe fiene fisgges, ten
eid i reaches the iy eb abe iit chusib (pmean
824) Then your right-hanel palen inward eo thar
dhe top ef the envelope ean Goes ap and pinch
the beqeom edge of che coin beraeen che right
thuenh wad freee dieger oo har ie ap our of
the envelope. Grasp the ex pe ech
the left chumb and fire finger (photo 022) ancl
pall ix out of che ereclope as you bend ibe Aap
eck with she let chird Finger tohaee 9259. Fin

‘CHAPTER TWENTY © GUREFAIN CALL 477


478 RUDNSTEIN COIN MAGIC

oh by chwing the Map {photo $244, hiding che
coin behind the envelegt and grasping ip-with
the right ibsamb (pinote S25).

FINAL THOUGHTS: Ome of the nice chings abour
learning new moves isto use chem oo sekp
oe improve your cen: reatines. So, as chis
approaches the cna, | lewee vou with a problem
to-solve, Using the cdén steals ane load for coin
omcloper learned im this hook, onc can develop
an intercring Ther Beanope Monte rostine, Start
with theee small envelopes, cach wah a qquareer
ienide. Che of che qaarters is mated and she
cmvchopes misnd up. The goal find che cave
lope comtalning the nasited quurcer, The poe in
laid cue. The cools and sleighas all con be found
within che af this book. The meahods and
phases limited ony by your imagination. {can't
wait to iee what you coe up with!

BASEBALL MISER'S DREAM

Eke the game of baseball, | hawe berm an
avill Vanker Gn siree carly ypos, when Kon
Bornbeng was my buscball here, He won a
joc Shitbocnik (a Charlic Brown reference to a
lessthan-stellar placer who was his own base
‘hall hero}, ‘You would chink char somewhere in
this book: | wold howe mined enw two passions
and creaced a hasebali-chemed crick, Well, here
it i, and a perfect way rocboae chix final secciom
This routine bas never been raughs before or ap-
peared on any DVD.

PREPARATION: Yeu will nord about een fasber
diver half dollars The sufaces arc worn (of)
and wort make noise wher rubbed sgaiitae each
coher Since chey are chin, yea can comborally
bold.a grear deal of chem in chumb palm wish
oor any problem. However, | have also dome chis
mame rourine with |FK half dollers tyou will jusr
need a bir mone care toadeal with any noise From
the evi) and qaarter. (done imprompaul. Vou
will glia need 2 betrhell seuvenir drink of
syour Feverige team. The oem onime aze held in
right thom: palsy (piveto $26), in the sane
aeresbaUlee Chee: cotme te the Cdneee Bs
Pledon routines You can stare with che op em
the table.

PERFORMANCE: Say, “Y hue afeayi loved rhe
game of benachalll ‘The sendin was a plaoe where rie

wan ah and the sly mas a mone
fen ft usas a idl, peuld sane pe amy aal-
Rabin cry aie Palio gene"

Rieach inte che air with your bet peal poware
the audicnce tehowing fy to the emyay) and
portend on gral a coie ar iigenips in an
inverted Spellbound position, Turn your belt
hhatd palm ep, oo cha ihe penarhi re ix bri
int Spell bound ich, ri
mere rigs She da sd fe
ceo fingers. Perform the Dime © (Chaprer
Four} as a production, described briefly at fol-
lows: Move che righe hand ewer co anal in fran,
of the left hand, palms deren andl fieggors slaghaly
read. Vivet wour hard a¢ che righe wire, bo
if the sack of coina in dumb pales moves
ewer the invisible enis in lelt-band Spelllscund
pasicion ‘Winhest hevinition and wirhouwr
mowenen of the belt inigers, praspehe sack of
tties hecaeen the left ikemb, first, amd second
fingertips (peta 827). Nose char somccimers eo:
wabibize che sock | grasp them wich abe shir
finger as well (oncinwe ow pivor your haral ae
the wrist away from che bebe banal, bringeng ibe
right ¢humb our froma uewler the oeins, Imre:
diarely bring your righe hams up te the bevel
cof the ober fr gael ocvenic ihe dincecion of
the right hand, briogiog it hack over the coins
te che {pone of the fefe hase int a wave, The audi-
ete tot anh o vimuall appearice cal che silver
halFdoHar.

CHAPTER TWLATY = GUATAAN CALE ATE.

Althowgh the left fingers should keep the coins

aligned saconky one ts vistble, you are nor go
ees pawl all chose caine and give arpome
a chance co see anwthing under the half dollar,
Sthow your right hard 90 be erapuy, chon bering
it ower eo the belt, onseaiog: the sop coin Freem
vice, eer eo oft bh hated, place

if thumb os cep of the eppennier coin,
ie i press dawn on Pi edge of ube
coin choses oo the leh chumh and rebeve a bie
od preseare (rom che left dhumb on the edge of
the stack. The coins immediately spread silenaby
againat che left fingers, held iin posiciom with tbe
left and right chumb {phebs 28),

Tush ibe top coin upward with the left thusly
and cake fH with che right dbermls aed firwe fine
gor Lift che eatin with the wighe hana anal dis
play at co dhe audience berween che rips of abe
fat thuswh and firs: ows tiv an che samme
time eusning the left-hand palm dawn. With
draw che neat coin behind che. left fmgers with
he eft chun eo hide in nvore securcly and keep:
the stack togecher in left finger palm.

Making a dewnward arc of che righ arm, pro
send oo place it inne chic lef hal, Aa your tele
hard partially eperd (so dhat the orsek eons be
woot] and fingers eover the coin, severly excend
ake right secenul Finger (photo 925) and exvecune
ahe second variarion od my Variation Rerencion
Pasi (Chupeer Two) eo bring che colm under the
ahiemns and into che right hand. Ture the leit
hand palm. down, pushing che wpper coir in abe
smack co che felt fingertips and ing in ince
aber cup.

480 RUBINSTEIN COI MAGIC

Ag che left band pertorma this argien, sperct-
ly clip the cole berwsen ake sides of che
ear a Senaaca a Leven in ap ao | M
‘Grip amt reach into che ar, cutching,
aeoan herween che tipofde ri and sees
ae: nay a The ara od we
4 in campy. Ray, Ae , Dhenaagh,
price fraiche began oo cra”

‘Shuke year aight hand a couple of tinscs andl
oransfer che coin from [38. Grip ao berwece abe
tips of che thumb and second Lege, be Firwt le-
voring it against the side of che second finger
(pheds SHG dra: pete {ct che sie oF tae
themlsand secured finger iphoto $82). The shak-
ing mradks edhe transher, and it appears thac che
vir pumas tteaberialiacy,

Once again perform the ancord variation of che
Voriarion Aetercion Fax, prevencling oo place it
inte the left hand bur reraining § im the right,
As before, cum rhe left-hand palm dewn and

path the next coim eo che left fingercips Chop ir
visibly iat the cup.

Beach ime the aiz with the right hand, =
ling the eoles to the fingesei Tin pete
pay for parking"). Now ineo the: air wish:
the Bund and push ibe mea oie to the LAG
fimgercips ("Thar com uve op ai well"). Vinibly
drop ibe coin from tbe lefr band oneo abe coin
inthe right hand. Pretend no drop hoch ino che
sup. bet secretly rerain one of them in the righe
hhared, Ache same time, push ancaher coin rom.
abe belt stack gm ase Fingernips ("Oc invide you
emt vg fp the comicnion atime and bomghr a hot
dog"), Transfer shit enin ipa ibe fingertips of the
right hand (comeraling the gaher cain im finger

palenbamd push another coin no the fingertips of

the left band ("0 raze hoe gs")

Visibly drep the coin from che right hand ince
she cup, by abe coin fn het lefe hamid.
Such the remaining coin co che cps of the right
Finger, follind by a coin node rips of the heft
Fingers [Then yeu moeded a bocr, Brena for rhe sou-
reir cup") two the coin From the right band
jena tht cap andl erasider the coin from the bef
hand ex os ae Instnediacely gradh the next
coin to the left Fingeatipa CY comerae, dai Aor at
you mcd no ger seme kee enum"). Dnap che exits
fresn the lett hand inne the cup and once again
perform the second variarion of my Virianon
Rermion Amr vo pretend no cansfer the coin

ineo the left hand, recaining br in be right. Tarn
the left-hand palm down, pushing the next coin
ae es oe in inge abe cup.
Produce che remaining reo coins (* neg ne men-
iow peamurs amet I mn the:
FLOORS, Chek Rie (Chapecr Cne} sa thar bork
enley ate apparenily placed ince the left hand,
‘but che coin from che right hand is secretly ve
tained, [hop the coin ftom she left hand ince
the oxp (the audience perceives chem vo be two
oleae) while craraferring the remaining coin oo
right teams palm.

Reach incocheairwith your left palmiward the
audicnot (shireing it eu be ompey) and preeeral
ca acide at the fingertips ie an irwerted
nd position. Ture your keft-hand palm
so thas the invisible coin is mow im proper
me nal position, held by she ed between
is tpt of the thumls and first reo gre
ms che Wie as. a production, placing,
dee ce tan Withccaldvellbpasst evi con
Dirop it linea whe cup and sary, “vhs che, atin fa for
the Pepto Bienel.”

‘Lift che cup oo the amdienge and-finieh by say

‘ing, “Sa bere’ ra the
pti Peal pl ah sap der rene
- you"

Pour the coins inte your hand ae you say his
wend.

eee ie ne Be rank ee ee
are emblessy from seemingly empay
hhads You i estore Pare
is big emoagh 10 bold chem. le seems obvious ro
ame that one casi creste-an ending where a bore

of bees is produced and tote the cup bo
endl | will leave thar oo: up ro you. [Fone
abe and Balls, ing akree baseballs

as the final loads, his cam casily fallen thar
creatine and wer anc of the cups instead of ae
AVERT clap,

CHAPTER TWENTY * CURTAIN TALL 451

A good book read from cover

to cover, is just like being with

aspecial lover. As time together

will soon uncover, there's

always more magic to discover.
J, Michael Refinoteie


FINAL THOUGHTS

— ha feet pineotee tae dear apache adit ird wcad
| ioe noni wt haw rch mace contsned wishin jab | Bad this book
have saved ime years, developing all chis 1 The marerial froen his
reg Yl ptf pik yh a ti form at the Magic Castle and on
Ty criey poser. be from alll walks of life. a I honed my craft, practicing on family,
hee tances ce cr poster

friends, one

Magic has been s big part of my life, When T on Perm aed Teller Fool Lis, | acid chet | howe

a hevwe of magic, but my bite ie icine. OF cere, on other days itt the ogher way arouse,

And now aa] put the final nachos or chia book, ip mop “Olt Fink Yabo ar lomo

the esher way around. But please, ed gel eabth p pay

Se tendon tial, sa pote ein Ramen Venerimariana go 0

he wear becuare they love animals and care about your pet,
hy try hove tax raph needs And ms es Ye ee he

DR. MICHAEL RUBINSTEIN

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

nine, after hi aun bought him a few magic tricks. He dide’e become serious, however,

unail someone showed bim how todo the French Drop ot age filteen. He gos bie parence
co bay him Bobo’s the Modon Goin Magic for his birthday and alter reading the book from cover va
cover, Rubiruscin began developing his owe moves and techniques

Afier graduating fron college in-19q7, Puilbinsteln moved ro lraly eo study Vencrinary Medicine, Ie was
there thar he hooked up wich the Iealian Magic ization, and i lecturing, and developang
marty of the retention techmiques thar have since hit yk. Rubinstein wom firse place in che
ledernatienal Magic Congress Close up Competition in Rubogna, lab, in egy (che mose imporeanr
dompeicion in Bape in an of FISM year) anil repeated his Seay wineing forse a the
Ievernaaéinal Close ap Competition in Sr. Vincent in opie

Just before pradating with a degree in Weber! Atedicine im 1985, Rubinewin produced ihe Maver
Coin Techn vides scrics in Germany, This eas later corned ingo: the sheer volume Bi
dia of Coin Sheight DVT series by L&L Publishing. Many famous magicians, like Rood irik
and Giacomo Berni, por theér sere in coin magic by sturkying these videos, In coft with Videonics,
Hubinetcin cebcaacd bis Knockout Cols Magic video ‘cca: aie were the fisge videos 0a pelesie 0
werat quaruity of unpublished material 1o magic audiences,

Aver a beartel'idurus. from magic no stant a career and 2 Gamal, Rudbinstein came back wich a vemgeanoe.
Ti with David Fiogh and (Geoff Lara, the femous York Coin Magkc Seminar was horn.
Mike Gallo was the first gucst and becanse 2 panimer, Their slareen-volame, sewencren-dise DVD see,
ihe New York Coin M hanes hi ila airike jr besoepeanehmemlae

on DVD, fr has been called by Hall Wells the video Bobo bor the 1s century.

Dr. Rubinstein has alo published his magicul creations in Aporalypec, Richard's Almanac, Mage
Magarine, Genii, Looking Glas, Ruminations, Best of Friends Ul, and Spectacle, as well as many
foreign publications, He appeared on che cover of the April song ikoae of whe Linking Ring. His One»

Dr Michael Rubinstein was born in New York in eggh. Hie became interesced in at Age
*

#86 RUBENSTEIN COIN MAGHC

Man issee was feanared iin che fune ao09 Linking Ring. Dr. Michael Rubinsrein has also om
the 200 Colnvenrion DVD, 200q LYM DVD, and che European Coin Magic Syeposiuen eet

Dr. Rubimecin bas lectured ated performed all over the world, He haa for oclcbricies from

Broadway, TV, and film, inchedieg Tony winners Sarme Facer and Christan Bork, Emmy winners

(had Lowe and Poter Scolari, and Chcar winners Hi Swank end Kevin Kline, He appeared in

Monin soe Ren nag Hew shoocs for Ugo Tegra, Gasreme
Magic held tian nd cred ne fan ge

‘Coin in Milan, im 20a, was of ae he

Caste aon et = ae een bein

Five episode ofits ‘Us, performing-one wigeacure "Thlight Zone

Waid theca oki i td tuatee el ae bees

In addition to perform magic, Or, Michael Ruchinsecin hav worked for almost thirty years aso
wovetusviin Gea Chee Roser bs Heaer deck of Mer Tak Vokes or

phes, puewter, Ys alc ol mes Has Mace cpg
singer, performer, and a mapor soccer dude. Dy, Rushinacein carrenaly lives in New York with his w/
Karen, rwo.cara, and Amgie che wonder dog.

AWARDS
+ Fire place im close-up at the Incernarional Magic Congress in Bologna Inaly (aq)

* First place in close-up at che Ineernacional Magic Congreas im St. Vincenc tepBa)
» Crearivity Award for his Maceing sechnique: at she Magicians Alliance of Easterns
Scares Convention {i9aid

+ Guest of Homer ar che second European Coim Magic Symposium im Milan, [tly toon

BOOKS AND LECTURE NOTES
+ Invermediaer and Advanced Coin Technique, in English, Iralian, and French (98a),
+ Creative Coin Magie Lecture Motes (19a)
+ Creative Coin Maghe Lecture Notes Two (1984)
= Inside Street Magic (roi)
+ La Bibbs della Micromagia (Italy) (g54)
+ Magic Castle Lecture Notes (198)
« Creative Coin Magic Leenare Noses Three (1529)
» Coinveriion Lecnare Nones (aco5)
* Seeret Snalf Moves (anos)
+ Coin Magic European Lecture Tour (sabe)
| t Twilight Zone Wild Coin, muimascripe (ac08)
+ Linking Ring Cine-Mam lsvae (june 2019)
* Rubiniteia Coin Magic (aoa)

DVDS & DOWNLOADS
‘The Encyclopedia of Goim Sleighes Three Volume Sot topig)
Knockout Comm Magic Three Volume DVD sec on one dise (rpSil
Coinvenien DVD (aonq)
LVMI DWI boop)
‘Creative Coin Magic 198% Lecture DVD
Creatiee Coin Magic aoog Lecture DVD
New York Coim Magic Seminar DVL? Sisceen Volume Sea
Eanopcan Goin Magic Sympeatam DVD series Wohomen Tee, Three, Four
Pengguie Live Leceure One DVD and download (xen)
Penguin Live Leceune Two download Canvé)
Ac the Table Lecture DVD and dirweload {sc07)


When you perform all these tricks,

please make them your own,

Lhope-you cansee how your magic has grown!

With R.O.P.S. or the pun, just ery to have fun,

when performing for groups or just one on one.

And with that! can say, this book is now done.
ar, Michael Rubinstein
